8. In view of the foregoing, Japan would like to propose the following elements of the final documents of the 2015 Review Conference for further discussion by the States parties. The final documents of the 2015 Review Conference will be prepared in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women. 
5. First, nuclear science and technology should be made more accessible for the benefit of as many people as possible, especially in the developing world, and should be made available to the public at large, particularly in the developing world, as well as to the private sector and to the public at large, especially in the developing world, and to the private sector. 
Nuclear technologies have been used to improve fertilizer application, water management, biological nitrogen fixation, crop and livestock improvement, pest and disease control, and food quality control. The use of nuclear technologies has been used to improve the efficiency of fertilizer application, water management, biological nitrogen fixation, crop and livestock management, and food quality control. 
B. Electoral assistance to the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the early 1990s and early 2000s, respectively, led to an increase in the number of civilian deaths in the country, and a decrease in the number of civilian deaths in the country, as well as an increase in the number of civilian deaths in the country's civilian population. 
21. Stresses the critical importance of a regional approach to conflict prevention, particularly with respect to cross-border issues such as transnational organized crime, disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration programmes, the prevention of the illegal exploitation of natural resources and illicit business in high-value commodities, and the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects, while emphasizing the central role of the African 
4. Respect for the rule of law, adherence to the principles of dialogue and cooperation, the protection of democracy, and the promotion of human rights should be the main drivers of good governance. The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UN High Commissioner for Human Rights (UNHCR) has called for the establishment of a human rights mechanism. 
5. On the basis of this conviction, I would like to bring the following to the attention of national and international public opinion: The following is what I would like to bring to the attention of national and international public opinion at the present time, and I would like to make it clear that the following is the most important issue in this regard: 
Item 15 of the provisional agenda * (Agenda item 14) * * * * * * * Phone: + 1 (877) 231-0440, * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
Vice-Chairs: Angola and Spain (on behalf of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, respectively), and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (on behalf of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees). 
7. We welcome the efforts being made by countries and stakeholders to promote the sustainable management of all types of forests, including the role of collective action by indigenous peoples and local and sustainable forest management communities, and to promote the sustainable management of all types of forests, including through sustainable forest management, sustainable forest management, sustainable forest management, sustainable forest management, sustainable forest management, and sustainable forest management; 
4. As the death toll from improvised explosive devices increases and their cumulative impact on the Mission intensifies, asymmetric threats must be addressed, failing which MINUSMA personnel will continue to be killed and injured, the mobility and freedom of movement of military and civilian personnel will deteriorate, and the Mission will be unable to resupply team sites by road. 
Information technology - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
B. Article VI and the eighth to twelfth preambular para. of the United Nations Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman, Degrading or Degrading Treatment or Punishment of Animals and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment of Animals or Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment 
7. The UNICEF strategic plan, 2014-2017, includes an indicator to measure management's performance in fostering a culture of openness in the organization. In addition, the UNICEF strategic plan includes an indicator to measure management's efforts to promote a culture of openness in the organization, as well as to measure the effectiveness of the organization's efforts to promote a culture of transparency. 
5. The Charter of the United Nations (Sanctions -- Yemen) Regulations 2014 give effect to the assets freeze imposed by paragraph 11 of resolution 2140 (2014) as follows: (a) (b) (c) (c) (d) (d) (d) (d) (d) (d) (d) (d) (d) (d) (d) (d) (d) 
Recalling the Strategy 2011-2015: Towards the goal of "Zero," the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFICYP) and the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFICYP) and the United Nations Framework Convention to Combat Desertification (UNFICYP) and the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (FAO), 
Representatives of member States agreed on the establishment of a South Asian Forum on Sustainable Consumption and Production (SACP), which will focus on sustainable consumption and production in Asia and the Pacific (SACP) and the Pacific (SACP) regions in Asia and the Pacific (SACP), Asia and the Pacific (ASEAN). 
55. The first day of the meeting will bring together governmental and non-governmental stakeholders, including high-level stakeholders actively involved in the implementation of the Ten-Year Strategy of Action, and the global public at large. The first day of the meeting will be marked by the launch of the United Nations Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) 
The Field Personnel Division has since been analysing the data by area of activity, grade level and mission in an effort to identify areas for improvement. In addition, the Field Personnel Division has been analysing the data by area of activity, grade level and mission in an effort to identify opportunities for improvement. The Field Personnel Division has been working closely with the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, the Department of Field Support, the Department of 
8. Reaffirms that, in decisions about the use of available capacity and resources, priority must be given to the protection of the civilian population; The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), in particular the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), in particular the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR); 
As a result of the resignation of that person, a vacancy has arisen on the Commission among the members elected from the Group of Eastern European States, and the Commission is currently reviewing the matter with a view to appointing a new member to the Commission as a result of the resignation of the said person from the Group of Eastern European States. 
24. I would like to reiterate, on behalf of all the members of the Commission, our gratitude to the Meeting of States Parties for its continued support of our work. I would also like to express my gratitude to the Meeting of States Parties for its continued support of the work of the Commission, which has been an important contribution to the work of the Commission. 
Although some new monetary policy measures have led to a significant improvement in the public debt crisis, the pace of economic recovery remains weak. In the short term, the recovery is likely to be more difficult to sustain than in the past, owing to the fact that the global economy has not recovered as quickly as it was before the financial crisis in 2008. 
Many of the global partnership's implementation mechanisms mobilize resources, build technical expertise and capacity, contribute to more effective financing, build momentum on the ground, and help build consensus on a variety of issues. In addition, the Global Partnership for Sustainable Development (GSP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (
6. At the 5th and 6th meetings, on 16 April 2015, delegations exchanged views and put forward various proposals on the Chair's revised non-paper of 15 April 2015, which was presented to the General Assembly by the President of the United Nations at its fifth and sixth meetings. The Chair's non-paper was presented on 15 April 2015. 
The Commission also decided that the adopted agenda would remain in place for the period 2015-2017. The Commission also decided that the agenda of the Commission should be maintained for the period of 2015-2017, and that the agenda should be revised to reflect the work of the Commission as well as the work of the Commission on Sustainable Development and Sustainable Development. 
The Committee was further informed that one light vehicle was lost while being transported from one mission to another, and that a total of 48 light vehicles were classified as assets for which discrepancies existed between the accounting records and actual holdings (44 4x4 general purpose vehicles; 2 4x4 vans; 1 4x4 ambulance; and 1 minibus). 
61. Autonomous and decentralized government adds an additional layer of complexity to policy integration in practice. In practice, governments that are autonomous and decentralized add an additional layer of complexity to the process of integrating policies into their own systems of government, and thus to the process of implementing policies that are more effective than those that are already in place. 
The Group will receive a summary of the briefings scheduled to take place on Thursday, 4 June 2015, in the margins of the sixth session. The Group will also receive a summary of the briefings that are scheduled to take place on Thursday, 4 June 2015, in the margins of the sixth session of the General Assembly, at the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development. 
2. Paragraph (1) (e) does not preclude the application of any other applicable law to support the formal validity of a contract. It does not preclude the application of any other applicable law in support of the formal validity of a contract in the event of a failure to comply with the rules of the contract. 
2014 Annual Report on the Evaluation Function in UNICEF and the Management Perspectives on the Evaluation Function in the United Nations Development Fund for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNICEF-UNICEF-UNICEF-UNICEF-UNICEF-UNICEF-UNICEF-UNICEF-UNICEF-UNICEF-UNICEF-UNICEF-UNICEF-UNICEF-Evaluation Report-2014) 
The defence and security forces are searching for the remaining fugitives, and the detainees have already been handed over to the competent judicial authorities. It is understood that they are still at large, and that they have not yet been brought before the competent judicial authorities for trial, but that they are still at large in the case of the remaining fugitives. 
29. Sources of information on the monitoring and evaluation of the Goals include the MDG Achievement Fund, the Millennium Villages Project, the Global Partnership for Education, and the World Bank's Global Monitoring Report. The Millennium Development Goal Achievement Fund, the Millennium Villages Project, the Global Partnership for Education, and the World Bank's Global Monitoring Report. 
37. With regard to the post-2015 period, a review of OIOS documents and survey data indicates the need to establish a team to take over the functions of the Inter-Agency and Expert Group. The team would be responsible for coordinating the work of the Inter-Agency and Expert Group, and would be responsible for coordinating the work of the Inter-Agency and Expert Group. 
The European Central Bank has launched a monetary stimulus program, which will be further expanded in 2015. The European Central Bank has also launched a new monetary stimulus program, which will be implemented in the first half of this year, and will be expanded in the second half of this year, and in the second half of this year, the European Central Bank will expand its monetary stimulus program. 
At the same time, fiscal revenues fell significantly in Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of), Haiti (1.8 percentage points), Mexico (1.3 percentage points), and Ecuador (1.7 percentage points). In the United States, fiscal revenues fell by 1.8 percentage points, compared to 1.7 percentage points in the United Kingdom, and by 1.7 percentage points in the United States. 
During the week of 2-6 November, the Secretary-General of the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECOSOC) and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (ECOSOC) met in Geneva, Switzerland, for the first time since the Second World War to discuss the issue of human rights violations in the Middle East. 
67. UNDP informed the Inspectors that all SIDS are covered either by resident or accredited United Nations country teams operating within the framework of the UNDAFs, involving 19 country and multi-country field offices in SIDS, with additional support from the United Nations Development Programme Pacific Centre and other country-level offices. The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) 
Agenda item 28 (A / 58 / 718) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
The Department is committed to ensuring that United Nations websites remain accessible to persons with disabilities, and to this end, a guide on the topic has been prepared and published for all parties involved in the development of United Nations websites. The Department is committed to ensuring that all United Nations websites remain accessible to persons with disabilities, and to this end, a guide has been prepared and published for all parties involved in the development of United Nations websites. 
Deflationary risks remain, affecting primarily the eurozone countries and Japan. In the US, deflationary pressures in the US and Europe remain high, and the US and Japan are the main beneficiaries of deflationary pressures in the US, Europe, and Latin America, as well as in Europe and the Middle East, as well as in the US. 
International policy co-ordination and co-ordination in the field of human rights and international humanitarian law is crucial to the success of the global response to climate change, and to the development of sustainable development and sustainable development in the world's poorest countries, including the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the World Health Organization, the United Nations, the World Health Organization, the United Nations, the World Health Organization, the 
In Brazil, double verification of all nuclear material has been instituted. The country's nuclear facilities are located in the country's capital city, Rio de Janeiro, and are located in the country's capital, Brasilia, where nuclear material is tested twice a year. The United States is the world's second-largest nuclear power plant, and the world's largest. 
134. The system of bodies of the Economic and Social Council should promote integration and policy coherence in the light of the need to eradicate poverty and achieve sustainable development in the context of the post-2015 development agenda. The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (
Addressing the interlinkages between climate change, land, energy, water, and development processes, for example, helps to develop integrated solutions in areas such as climate change, land, energy, and water conservation, and to assess the impact of externalities on other sectors. In particular, addressing climate change, land, energy, and water needs to be addressed in a comprehensive manner. 
Comoros..................................................................... 
Such actions constitute a flagrant violation of the most elementary principles of international law, as well as of the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, in particular the obligation to refrain from the threat or use of force in international relations. The United Nations Security Council and the United Nations Security Council are deeply concerned about the situation in the Middle East. 
5. Notes the progress made and the key initiatives taken by the Secretary-General to promote a strategic approach to the procurement process and to strengthen procurement activities to meet exigency requirements, and requests the Secretary-General to continue to pursue such initiatives; The Executive Board of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (HUMAN RIGHTS) 
19. Recalls paragraph 34 of the report of the Advisory Committee, decides to establish the Regional Procurement Office in Entebbe, Uganda, as a permanent unit of the Procurement Division of the Secretariat, and looks forward to receiving an update on the functions of the Office in the context of the global service delivery model; "19. 
1. The eleventh session of the United Nations Forum on Forests (UNFF11, 4-15 May 2015, New York) will be devoted to a review of the effectiveness of the International Arrangement on Forests (IAF) and, on the basis of that review, a decision on how to strengthen the IAF beyond 2015. 
Repeated calls by the Peace Implementation Council to the Republika Srpska authorities, reminding them of their obligation to ensure the High Representative's full and timely access to documents, have had no impact on this situation. The High Representative has not yet been able to access the documents in a timely manner, and has not been able to do so. 
So far, all the cantons have adopted budgets for 2015. The budget for 2015 has been approved by the cantons of France, Germany, France, and the Netherlands, which all adopted budgets for this year's fiscal year in 2014 and this year's year's fiscal year in 2014 and this year's year's fiscal year in 2015. 
7. The review of the methods of work of the Permanent Forum was considered under agenda item 8, "Future work of the Permanent Forum, including issues of the Economic and Social Council and emerging issues." The review of the methods of work of the Permanent Forum took place under agenda item 8, "Future work of the Permanent Forum, including issues of the Economic and Social Council and emerging issues." 
Abolition of Field Service post of Security Officer (FS-4) (1 P-3) (1 P-4) (1 P-4) (1 P-4) (1 P-4) (1 P-4) (1 P-4) (1 P-4) (1 P-4) (1 P-4) 
Following the cancellation of the meeting, all opposition parties condemned the Government's decision to continue preparations for the elections and called for the creation of an environment conducive to an inclusive and credible national dialogue. In the aftermath of the election, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) issued a statement condemning the Government's decision to continue preparations for the elections and calling for an inclusive and credible national dialogue. 
43. Urges further support for measures to overcome the challenges facing Africa in poverty eradication, the fight against hunger, job creation and sustainable development, including, as appropriate, debt relief, improved market access, support for the private sector and entrepreneurship, fulfilment of official development assistance commitments, and increased flows of foreign direct investment and technology transfer on mutually agreed terms; 
The Advisory Committee encourages MINUSCA to continue its efforts to increase the number of French-speaking staff in all components of the Mission. The Advisory Committee recommends that MINUSCA continue its efforts to increase the number of French-speaking staff in all components of the Mission, and that the Mission continue its efforts to increase the number of French-speaking staff in the Mission. 
Status as of March 31, 2015 (as of March 31, 2015), as of March 31, 2015 (as of March 31, 2015), as of March 31, 2015 (as of March 31, 2015), and as of March 31, 2015 (as of March 31, 2015), as of March 31, 2015 (as of March 31, 2015), 
In addition, Governments of importing countries or countries that purchase through national production should ensure that these weapons are used solely to protect and ensure the safety of their citizens, and should be confident that they are able to ensure the security of all weapons and ammunition in their possession throughout their lifespan. In addition, they should ensure that they are used exclusively for the protection and safety of their citizens. 
Security Council resolutions on children and armed conflict are often underresourced to monitor and implement action plans to address and prevent grave violations, as called for in those resolutions. The Security Council's resolutions on children and armed conflict are often accompanied by inadequate resources for the monitoring and implementation of action plans to address and prevent grave violations, as called for in the resolutions. 
There have been no recorded cases of obstruction of justice in the past year and a half of the total number of cases has been determined to be in the hands of law enforcement agencies and law enforcement agencies in the United States and other countries, including the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom, and the United States, the United Kingdom, and the United States. 
" 3. In case of dual nationality, the candidate shall be deemed to be a national of the State in which he habitually exercises his civil and political rights. "(3) The State of nationality shall be deemed to be that of the State in which he habitually exercises his civil and political rights." (4) In the case of dual nationality, the applicant shall be deemed to be a national of the State in which 
7. The Advisory Committee expects that every effort will be made to settle the outstanding liabilities for all missions in the process of liquidation. The Advisory Committee expects that the remaining liabilities for peacekeeping operations will be fully liquidated by the end of the year, and that the remaining liabilities for peacekeeping operations will be fully liquidated by the end of the year. 
Trading in influence is partly criminalized in § 308 CC, which deals with certain aspects of passive trading in influence (art. 18 (b) of the Convention). In addition, trading in influence is also criminalized by the Criminal Code, which provides for the enforcement of certain aspects of passive trading in influence (art. 18 (b) of the Convention). 
Eliminate de minimis exclusionary clauses or substantially diminish their significance; and, in the case of non-derogable clauses, eliminate de minimis exclusionary clauses, or substantially reduce their scope; and, in the case of non-derogable clauses, eliminate de minimis exclusionary clauses. 
19. Experts estimate that the economies of the Arab least developed countries grew by 2.4 per cent on average in 2014, compared to 3.6 per cent in the previous year. The Arab least developed countries grew at an annual rate of 2.4 per cent, compared to 3.6 per cent in the same period last year, while the Arab least developed countries grew at an annual rate of 2.4 per cent. 
Its economy has also been negatively affected by European stagnation. The European Central Bank and the European Central Bank have not been able to keep up with the pace of economic growth since the crisis began in 2008, when the European Central Bank's quantitative easing (QE) program was launched in the wake of the financial crisis and the global financial crisis. 
46. Despite this attention to gender mainstreaming mechanisms and the limited amount of material (16 out of 1,101) devoted to research and analysis of gender issues, overall gender perspectives are still poorly integrated and taken into account in research and analytical work. In general, gender perspectives are still not fully integrated into research and analysis. 
In addition, the Mechanism has appointed focal points on gender issues; sexual exploitation and abuse; lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender issues; and multiculturalism and inclusion. In addition, the Mechanism has established focal points on gender issues, sexual exploitation and abuse, lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender issues, and diversity and inclusion issues. 
The Mechanism's jurisdiction continues to extend to the following three of the nine fugitives: Félicien Kabuga, Augustin Bizimana and Protais Mpiranya. The remaining nine fugitives remain subject to the jurisdiction of the Mechanism, and are subject to the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court. 
The Third International Pledging Conference for Syria, to be held in Kuwait City on 31 March, will provide an opportunity to do so. The United Nations Security Council has agreed to hold a joint meeting with the Syrian Arab Republic to discuss the Syrian Arab Republic's response to the chemical weapons attack, which has killed more than 1,000 people in the past year. 
Mr. Huw Griffiths, Air Transport (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland);......................................................... 
Director, Division of Data, Research and Policies, Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Department of Economic and Social Affairs, and Department of Economic and Social Affairs 
Supplementary Resource Information:..................................................................... 
The Netherlands also carried out a self-assessment and, at the end of 2014, hosted a comprehensive regulatory review mission. The Netherlands also conducted a self-assessment and hosted a multi-stakeholder regulatory review mission at the end of 2014, which resulted in the establishment of a multi-stakeholder regulatory framework for the Netherlands and its member countries. 
Other Themes The World's Most Important Themes The World's Most Important Themes The World's Most Important Themes The World's Most Important, The World's Most Important, The World's Most Important, The World's Most Important, And The World's Most Important. 
12. Furthermore, one of the outcomes of the Vienna Conference was a pledge by the Government of Austria (the Austrian Commitment) to share the results of the initiative, thereby contributing to the reaffirmation by NPT States parties of their commitment to the Treaty, in particular article VI, and to the adoption of measures by all States to reduce the risks associated with nuclear weapons. 
The United Nations General Assembly of the General Assembly of the United Nations (UNGASS), and the UN General Assembly of the General Assembly of the United Nations (UNGASS), and the UN General Assembly of the United Nations (UNGASS), and the UN General Assembly of the United Nations General Assembly of the United Nations 
Sixth session1 - 1 2 3 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 1 / 2 
1. The inalienable right to the peaceful uses of nuclear energy is one of the pillars of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, along with nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation, and the right to peaceful uses of nuclear energy is one of the pillars of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons. 
The Committee expects that this outstanding claim will be settled expeditiously. The Committee expects that this outstanding claim will be settled at the earliest possible date, and that the outstanding claim will be settled at the earliest possible date in accordance with the relevant provisions of the resolution of the dispute with the United Nations Security Council and the International Criminal Court (ICRC). 
Administrative Assistant (Security) 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
26. Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take additional measures to ensure the safety and security of all personnel participating in the Force under the auspices of the United Nations, bearing in mind paragraphs 5 and 6 of Security Council resolution 1502 (2003) of 26 August 2003; The Secretary-General also urges the Secretary-General to take additional measures to ensure the safety and security of all personnel participating in the Force under the au
" 12. Also requests the Secretary-General to take all necessary action to ensure that the Force is administered with a maximum of efficiency and economy; "12. The Secretary-General also requests the Secretary-General to take all necessary action to ensure that the Force is administered with a maximum of efficiency and economy;" 12. The Secretary-General 
2. The purpose of the present recommendations is to provide guidance to contractors with respect to the following issues: The Board of Auditors of the Board of Auditors of the Board of Auditors of the Board of Auditors of the Board of Auditors of the Board of Auditors of the Board of Auditors of the Board of Auditors 
Elisabeth Verville (United States of America). 1997-2000. 1997. 1997........................................................ 
3. By the same decision, the Conference of the Parties requested the Secretariat to make the necessary arrangements for the first meeting of ENFORCE and to report to the Conference of the Parties at its twelfth meeting. It also requested the Secretariat to make the necessary arrangements for the first meeting of ENFORCE and to report to the Conference of the Parties at its twelfth meeting. 
3. Stresses the need for focused and results-oriented discussions on the items on the agenda of the Disarmament Commission; "4. The Conference on Disarmament should be convened by the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Secretary-General of the United Nations to review the draft resolution, including the draft resolution on the disarmament agenda;" 5. 
34. The UNRWA Zaitoun Preparatory Girls "School B is located in a densely built-up area of Gaza City close to the UNRWA headquarters compound. The school is located in a residential area of the Gaza Strip, which is a short distance from the Gaza Strip and the Gaza Strip, where the UNRWA headquarters complex is located. 
The efforts of the international coalition have succeeded in weakening ISIL's capabilities and deterring its operations, but much remains to be done. The United Nations Security Council, the UN Security Council, the UN, the UN, the UN, the UN, the UN, the UN, the UN, the UN, the UN, the UN, the UN, the UN, the UN, the UN, the UN, the UN, the 
Abolition of a Medical Officer post. The incumbent of the post will be replaced by a new Medical Officer, who will be replaced by a new Medical Officer, who will be replaced by a new Medical Officer, who will be replaced by a new Medical Officer, who will be replaced by a new Medical Officer, who will be replaced by a new Medical Officer. 
" From a formal point of view, the constituent instruments of international organizations are multilateral treaties to which well-established rules of treaty interpretation apply. "The International Law on the Law of Treaties states that the constituent instruments of international organizations are multilateral treaties to which well-established rules on the interpretation of treaties apply, and that the constituent instruments of international organizations are binding. 
292. The Special Committee underscores the importance of efforts to improve mission-based induction training on gender and child protection issues, as well as the effectiveness of gender-sensitive and child-protection-related training and awareness-raising activities in the field and in the field of child protection, as well as in the field of child protection. 
The Philippines is ranked increasingly high in the Global Competitiveness Index, and the Philippines has made the most progress among all countries, rising 23 places since 2010. The Philippines is the world's second-largest economy, behind the United States, which is the world's second-largest by GDP per capita, behind the United States and China. 
Eight strategic areas of action have been identified, as shown in figure V. Figure V illustrates the strategic focus of the strategy, which is to be implemented by the end of the year, and to be implemented by the end of the year, at the national and regional levels, as well as by the end of the year, at the national and regional levels. 
This work serves as a model for other international financial institutions and United Nations organizations wishing to demonstrate their strong commitment to respect for the rights of indigenous peoples, including in the area of self-development. The United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), and the United Nations 
59. The Commission considered item 3 (h) of its agenda at its 5th and 6th meetings, on 5 and 6 March 2015. The Commission also considered item 3 (h) of its agenda, which it considered at its 5th and 6th meetings, on 5 and 6 March 2015, at which time the Commission considered the following agenda item (h): 
A number of economic, social and environmental decisions have been identified as key to achieving the MDGs, either because of their direct impact on specific goals and targets, or indirectly through the creation of the necessary enabling environment. The Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), and the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), have been 
In addition, it is important to continue all mitigation and adaptation measures undertaken at the regional, national, subnational and community levels. In addition, it is important to ensure that climate change is addressed at the national, regional, and sub-national levels, as well as at the local, national, and community levels, as well as in the global context. 
76. Given the positive contribution that the arrests made by MINUSCA have made to the fight against impunity, the mandate of MINUSCA with regard to urgent temporary measures should also be extended. The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UN High Commissioner for Human Rights (UNHCR), the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (
a. Substantive servicing of meetings: Working Party on Intermodal Transport and Logistics (12); The Working Party on Intermodal Transport and Logistics (11); and the Working Party on Intermodal Transport and Logistics (11); and the Working Party on Intermodal Transport and Logistics (11); 
20.33 The executive direction and management component of ECE comprises the Office of the Executive Secretary, including the Executive Secretary, the Deputy Executive Secretary, the Secretary of the Commission, as well as the Programme Management Unit, the Development Policies and Cross-Sectoral Coordination Unit and the Information Services Unit. The Office of the Executive Secretary, including the Executive Secretary, the Deputy Executive Secretary, the Secretary of the Commission, the Programme Management Unit 
This is a confirmation of our position on the issue of nuclear disarmament. The United Nations Security Council has agreed to a comprehensive nuclear disarmament treaty with the United States of America, including the United Nations Security Council, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, the European Union, the European Union, the European Union, the European Union, and the United Nations. 
25. We consider it important to recognize the contribution of nuclear-weapon-free zones to the strengthening of the disarmament and non-proliferation regime, as well as the role played by nuclear-weapon-free zones in strengthening the nuclear-weapon-free zone regime and strengthening the nuclear-weapon-free zone's nuclear-weapon-free regime. 
Management also notes that, during 2014, it significantly increased its own capacity with regard to the harmonized approach to cash transfers (HACT) and other forms of partnership management, and is now providing greater support to country and regional offices. In addition, it has also increased its capacity to support the implementation of the harmonized approach to cash transfers (HACT) and other forms of partnership management. 
The Regional Office is focusing on supporting the nine Private Fundraising and Partnerships (PFP) country offices in the region, and has taken region-wide measures to improve the performance of these offices, based on the findings of six audits of the country offices that were involved in PFP activities in 2014. The Regional Office is also working to improve the performance of the PFP country offices. 
Because the HDI is calculated on the basis of long-term human development outcomes, it reflects neither the level of policy-making efforts nor the short-term achievements in the area of human development. In fact, the HDI is based on the long-term results of human development, so it does not reflect the level of human development efforts. 
These are the three main indicators of human development that the HDI reflects. The HDI is the most important indicator of human development in the world, and it is the most important indicator of human development in the developing world, not just in the developing world, but in the developing world as a whole, and in the developing world as a whole. 
7. The Summit expressed its sympathy to the people of Burundi for the violence in Bujumbura and other parts of Burundi, which has led to the loss of many lives, the influx of refugees into neighbouring countries, the destruction of property, and the complete cessation of business activities in some parts of Burundi. The Summit also expressed its sympathy for the victims of the violence in Bujumbura and other parts of Burundi. 
2. The Summit meeting was also attended by the President of the Republic of South Africa, Jacob Zuma, and the Chairperson of the African Union Commission, Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General for the Great Lakes Region, Said Djinnit, ministers and attorneys-general of East African Community partner States, the Secretary-General of the East African Community, the Executive Secretary 
The breakdown of requests by category is shown in figure 2 below. Graph 2 shows the total number of requests received by category, and the total number of requests received by category in the last three months of the year, as compared to the same period in the previous year, as compared to the same period in the same period in the previous year. 
During the reporting period, the Office received a total of 214 referrals on a wide range of ethics-related issues. The Office received a total of 214 referrals during the reporting period, compared to 214 during the same period last year, when the Office received a total of 214 referrals for ethics-related issues. 
Recognizing that the global burden and threat of non-communicable diseases -- especially cardiovascular disease, cancer, chronic respiratory diseases and diabetes, which are linked to four major risk factors, namely, tobacco use, alcohol abuse, unhealthy diets and physical inactivity -- as well as the global burden of mental health and neurological problems, are major challenges to social and economic development in the twenty-first century and can lead to widening inequalities 
18. Against the backdrop of increased exchanges of goods and services and increased international mobility, the project is attracting interest from a vast intercontinental region of Europe and Africa, an interest that extends beyond its territorial scope. The project is being implemented in the context of a growing number of countries, including the European Union, the European Union, the European Union, the European Union, the United States, and the United Kingdom. 
The Provisional Technical Secretariat comprises three technical divisions: the International Monitoring System Division, the International Data Centre Division, and the On-Site Inspection Division. The Provisional Technical Secretariat is composed of three technical divisions: the International Monitoring System Division, the International Data Centre Division, and the On-Site Inspection Division. 
Teams in Austria and Jordan have been working in near-real-world conditions to verify all elements of the on-site inspection regime. In-situ inspections have been conducted in close cooperation with the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and the United Nations Security Council (IAEA), with the aim of verifying all elements of the regime. 
1. Recognizing that the Inter-Agency Support Group will play a central role in coordinating the work of United Nations agencies in translating the outcome document of the World Conference on Indigenous Peoples into meaningful change, the Permanent Forum requests the Group to ensure that its membership includes all United Nations agencies, funds and programmes, including the specialized agencies. The Permanent Forum on Indigenous Peoples 
It is also indicated that the approved staffing establishment of the Inspection and Evaluation Division comprises three support account posts (1 P-5 and 2 P-4) and 22 regular budget posts (1 D-2, 3 P-5, 5 P-4, 4 P-3, 5 P-2 and 4 General Service (Other level)). 
Working paper submitted by the United States of America (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland) * * * * * * (United States of America) * * * * * * * * * (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United States of America) 
The United States has continued to work closely with the Provisional Technical Secretariat of the Preparatory Commission for the CTBTO to prepare design and procurement plans for the rehabilitation of a hydroacoustic station on the Crozet Islands in the Indian Ocean. The United States will continue to work closely with the Provisional Technical Secretariat of the Preparatory Commission for the CTBTO to prepare the design and procurement plans for the restoration of the hydro
Achieving consensus on global goals is the key to realizing an agreed vision of peace in the future, but agreeing on goals alone does not guarantee the adoption and implementation of the necessary policy measures to promote their achievement. The United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (COPUOS), chaired by President Barack Obama, will be held in New York next month. 
The mechanism should monitor progress, examine obstacles to the implementation of the agenda and identify effective approaches to its implementation, and provide policy guidance on measures to change and correct policies found to be ineffective in meeting internationally agreed goals. It should also address the challenges faced by developing countries in meeting the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) and the challenges they face in achieving the MDGs. 
In this regard, I draw attention to the unanimous adoption by the Security Council, on 3 March, of resolution 2206 (2015), imposing targeted sanctions on those who obstruct the peace process in South Sudan. The Security Council, in its resolution 2206 (2015), adopted by the Security Council in December 2015, imposed sanctions on those who obstruct the peace process in South Sudan. 
The economic damage of the conflict is further compounding the plight of millions of vulnerable South Sudanese, who are already languishing in a precarious state of existence. The economic damage caused by the conflict has been devastating for the region's population, which is already suffering from the effects of a lack of basic services and services, as well as a lack of access to health care. 
We call on other states to follow suit. The United Nations Security Council has agreed to do the same in the next few days. "" We will do everything we can to ensure that we can do it again, "" he said in a statement released by the United Nations Security Council on Friday. "We will do everything we can to prevent this." 
Minimizing the Utilization of Fissile Materials (Fissile Material) in the Middle East and North Africa, and the Middle East and North Africa, among others, are among the most important areas of concern to the United Nations Security Council and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), as well as to the United Nations Security Council. 
The 2010 Action Plan mentions the convention as a viable path to nuclear disarmament, and the 2015 Review Conference should build on this. The United Nations Conference on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT), chaired by President Barack Obama, called for the Convention to be adopted as an effective path to nuclear disarmament, and the 2015 Review Conference should build on it. 
14. Welcomes the participation of the International Organization of la Francophonie in efforts to strengthen international criminal justice, and welcomes the signing of the partnership agreement between the International Organization of la Francophonie and the International Criminal Court, which demonstrates the role of the International Organization of la Francophonie in protecting human rights, restoring the rule of law and combating impunity; 
It was also decided to organize a joint side event, which took place during the Global Environment Facility Assembly in Cancun in May 2014. The Global Environment Facility agreed to hold a joint side event at the Global Environment Facility Assembly in Cancún, Mexico, in May 2014, to discuss the implementation of the Global Environment Facility. 
It makes more sense to convene review sessions on certain issues and at certain stages. It is important to hold review sessions on certain issues and at certain points in the time frame of the review process, as well as to hold review sessions on certain issues. The review sessions should be conducted in a timely manner and in a timely manner, so that the review meetings can take place as soon as possible. 
In some situations, they should take the lead in implementation, as is often the case in Africa, but this does not mean that the Council can abdicate its unique responsibility under the Charter for the maintenance of international peace and security. In some situations, the Council should take the lead in implementation, as is often the case in Africa, but this does not mean that it can abdicate its unique responsibility for the maintenance of international peace 
If the Security Council were to focus only on the Democratic People's Republic of Korea's self-defence submarine test launch of a ballistic missile from a strategic submarine, while ignoring the provocative United States-South Korea joint military exercises against the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, it would be clear proof that the Council has become an instrument of the diktat and arbitrariness of one of its permanent members, contrary to the purposes and principles 
Moreover, it is on this path that we must move to consolidate the peace that will lead us to the development that all of us desire. It is also the path that we must follow in order to consolidate the peace that will lead us to the development that we all want to see. It is also the path that we must follow. 
At the nineteenth session of the International Seabed Authority, the Assembly elected him to serve as a member of the Committee for the remainder of the term of Pradip Chowdhary (India), ending on 31 December 2016. The term of office of Pradip Chowdhary (India) was extended to three years. 
11. Requests the Bureau of the Commission on the Status of Women, prior to the session, to advance such an emerging issue, trend, priority area or new approach, in consultation with all Member States, through their regional groups, taking into account inputs from other relevant stakeholders, for consideration by the Commission during the interactive dialogue; "12. 
The extent to which the mandate requires or prevents a more direct involvement in development itself, rather than only in the transition to development, has been the subject of a long-standing debate both within UNHCR and between it and the parties concerned. The extent to which the mandate allows for a more direct involvement in development itself, rather than only in the transition to development, has been the subject of a long-standing debate within UNHCR and between UNHCR and 
The Executive Committee, which currently comprises 94 States, meets annually in October and approves the biennial programme budget. The Executive Committee, which is currently composed of 94 States, meets annually in October and approves the biennial programme budget for the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP). 
In 2014, UN-Women was headquartered in New York; it also had 6 regional offices, 6 multi-country offices, 48 country offices, and had programmes in 30 countries. In 2014, UN-Women received funding from the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNDP), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations 
Despite a 20 per cent increase from 2011 to 2013, voluntary contributions in 2012-2013 were 51 per cent lower than the initial estimate in 2011 and 31 per cent lower than the revised 2012 budget, which the UN-Women Executive Board agreed was necessary to fulfil the organization's mandate. In 2012, the UN-Women Executive Board approved a revised budget for 2012, which was approved by the Executive Board of UN-Women. 
In the rule-of-law sector, UNMIL and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), as well as other entities in the country team that work closely together, will continue to build the capacity of law enforcement agencies, including through support to the justice and security hubs that are being established in conjunction with the Peacebuilding Support Office. 
Israel has the upper hand in the war, but Hizbullah's intelligence and security services have managed to establish themselves as one of the world's strongest players. The United States has been a major player in the fight against the Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS / ISIL) in Iraq and Syria, as well as in Syria and Iraq. 
On 4 February, a majority of members of the EULEX team at Pristina Basic Court sentenced two defendants to one year and three months in prison, respectively, for trading in influence. The two defendants were sentenced to one year and three months in prison, respectively, and were sentenced to two years and three months in prison, respectively. 
10. The Board's observations and recommendations on the implementation of IPSAS for the first time for peacekeeping operations are contained in chapter II, paragraphs 14 to 26, of its report. The Board's recommendations on the implementation of IPSAS for peacekeeping operations are contained in chapter II, paragraphs 14 to 26, of its report. The Board's recommendations on the implementation of IPSAS for peacekeeping operations are presented in chapter II of its report 
The Council may wish to adopt a decision, elements of which are contained in the report. The Council may also wish to consider adopting a decision of its own on the basis of the report's recommendations to the General Assembly and the Council's recommendations to the General Assembly and to the Council at its fifty-second session. "2. The Council should consider adopting a decision of its own. 
Internal Audit and Oversight (Internal Audit and Oversight) (Internal Audit) (Internal Audit) (Internal Audit) (Internal Audit) (Internal Audit) (Internal Audit) (Internal Audit) (Internal Audit) (Internal Audit) (Internal Audit) (Internal Audit) (Internal Audit) 
In addition, an open-ended consultative meeting was held during the first session of the Preparatory Committee. The first session of the Preparatory Committee was attended by a number of high-level representatives from all over the world, including the United Nations, the United Nations, the European Union, the European Union, the European Union, and the United Nations. 
This reflects the recognition by the secretariat of the importance of reorganizing the current humanitarian response system to respond more effectively to humanitarian crises in cities, taking into account the complexity of the humanitarian crises in the cities in which they occur. The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) are currently working together to address these challenges. 
In addition to figure II, the proposed prototype of a new structure of outputs for the various budget sections is shown in table 18 of the annex to the present report. The proposed structure of outputs for the various sections of the budget is presented in table 18 of the annex to the present report, which provides an overview of the proposed structure of outputs. 
3. Political affairs - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
26. Requests the SecretaryGeneral to include in his reports and briefings to the Council on country-specific situations more comprehensive and detailed information and recommendations on the impact of the illicit transfer, destabilizing accumulation and misuse of small arms and light weapons on the protection of civilians in armed conflict, including specific information on such effects on refugees, internally displaced persons, women, children and other vulnerable groups; 
Resolution 2220 (2015) The Security Council adopted resolution 2220 (2015), which was adopted by the Security Council at its fifty-first session, and adopted by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session at its fifty-second session. The Security Council also adopted resolution 2220 (2015), which was adopted by the Council at its fifty-first session. 
The pearl of Ukrainian tourism has been turned into a military base on which Russia, in violation of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, is threatening to deploy nuclear weapons, which poses a real threat not only to regional but also to global security. It is the first time that Russia has threatened to deploy nuclear weapons, and the first time that it has done so. 
In the protocols to the treaties establishing such zones, the nuclear-weapon States agree not to use or threaten to use nuclear weapons against States that are parties to the treaties establishing nuclear-weapon-free zones. The nuclear-weapon States agree not to use or threaten to use nuclear weapons against States that are parties to the treaties establishing nuclear-weapon-free zones. 
These events explored key challenges in complex or emerging areas of nuclear security, such as the use of nuclear forensic evidence in courts, approaches to investigating illicit trafficking in nuclear material, and the dissemination of information on nuclear security incidents, and provided examples of best practices and models to overcome these challenges. The workshops focused on the use of nuclear forensics in criminal trials, the use of nuclear materials, and the dissemination of information on nuclear security incidents 
This document envisages the full integration of Georgia's Tskhinvali region into Russia's social, economic, administrative, and, even more importantly, military and security institutions. The Tskhinvali region is part of Georgia's territorial integrity, and the Tskhinvali region is part of Georgia's territorial integrity and territorial integrity. 
" 3. We recognize the importance of effective, fair, humane and accountable crime prevention and criminal justice systems, and the institutions that comprise them, as an essential component of the rule of law. "4. We recognize the importance of effective, fair, humane and accountable crime prevention and criminal justice systems, and the institutions that comprise them, as an essential component of the rule of law. 
The situation in the Central African Republic (6 August 1997; 14 April 2015) The situation in the Central African Republic (6 August 1997; 14 April 2015) was addressed by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), including the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR). 
Whereas, on this basis, the Constitutional Court is competent to deal with the appeal that it has received, and, in this regard, the Constitutional Court is not precluded from considering the appeal submitted by the Constitutional Court of the Republic of Moldova, and the Constitutional Court is not precluded by the Constitutional Court of the Republic of Moldova; 
Whereas it should be noted, however, that the drafters of the 2005 Constitution misconstrued the recommendation contained in the Arusha Agreement, and that the 2005 Constitution was not drafted in accordance with the provisions of the Arusha Agreement, and that the 2005 Constitution was not drafted in accordance with the provisions of the Arusha Agreement; 
Provisional agenda for the Finance Committee of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (CSTO) and the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (CSTO), held in New York from 1 to 5 June 2013, will be held in Geneva, Switzerland, from 1 to 5 June 2013. The meeting will be held in Geneva, Switzerland, from 1 to 5 June 2013. 
Information from Non-Self-Governing Territories transmitted under Article 73 e of the Charter of the United Nations and Corr.1 and 2 December 2001 / 1 / Rev.2 / Rev.2 / Rev.2 / Rev.2 / Rev.2 / Rev.2 / Rev.2 / Rev.2 / Rev.2 / Rev.2 
Thursday, October 8, 2014 - 1: 00AM - 1: 00AM - 1: 00PM - 1: 00PM - 1: 00PM - 1: 00PM - 1: 00PM - 1: 00PM - 1: 00PM - 1: 00PM - 1: 00PM - 1: 00PM - 1: 00PM - 1: 00PM - 1: 00PM - 1: 00PM - 1 
15.54 The amount of $1,996,800 for non-post requirements would provide for other staff costs, consultants and experts, general operating expenses, travel of staff, contractual services, supplies and materials, and furniture and equipment. The amount of $1,496,800 for non-post requirements would provide for a total of $1,496,800 for non-post requirements. 
Individually tailored assistance is needed to improve the capacity of countries under United Nations arms embargoes to comply with and enforce those embargoes, and to prepare for the lifting of the embargoes. As a result, countries that are subject to United Nations arms embargoes must be able to implement and enforce them, as well as to prepare for lifting the embargoes. 
Key Objectives of the Open Debate - The Open Debate - The Open Debate - The Open Debate - The Open Debate - The Open Debate - The Open Debate - The Open Debate - The Open Debate - The Open Debate - The Open Debate - The Open Debate - The Open Debate - The Open Debate 
Organizational Challenges and the Regional Architecture of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (OHCHR) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) are among the most important examples of the challenges facing OHCHR and the regional architecture of the region, as well as the challenges faced by OHCHR. 
According to the Office of Audit and Investigations, as at 31 December 2014, 75 per cent of the recommendations had been fully implemented, 17 per cent were under implementation, and 8 per cent had not yet been initiated. The Board of Audit and Investigations (OAudit and Investigations) reported that, as at 31 December 2014, 75 per cent of the recommendations had been fully implemented, 17 per cent were under implementation, 
On the other hand, the Houthi militias and forces loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh have deliberately and systematically violated the humanitarian cease-fire, which has been imposed on them by the United Nations Security Council and the United Nations Security Council for the past two years. The Houthis, on the other hand, have been in direct contact with the Houthis and forces loyal to President Ali Abdullah Saleh. 
Section 6 of the draft Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and Other Cruel, Inhuman, Degrading, or Degrading Treatment or Punishment 
4. The most horrific incident occurred in the urban commune of Nyakabiga on 7 May 2015, when demonstrators burned alive a simple Burundian who worked for a telecommunications company, simply because they did not know him and unconditionally believed him to be a member of Imbonerakure. In the case of the case of the former Yugoslav leader, the case of the former Yugoslav President of the Democratic Republic of 
21. Continues to welcome the statement by the President of the Security Council of 12 February 2013, in which the Council reiterated the importance of cooperation by States with the International Criminal Court, in accordance with the respective obligations of States, and expressed its intention to follow closely the implementation of the Council's decisions in this regard; The Council, in particular, 
Bearing in mind the contribution that all States Members of the United Nations make to the maintenance of peace, 1. The Secretary-General of the United Nations, in his capacity as Secretary-General of the United Nations, calls upon all States Members of the United Nations to contribute to the maintenance of peace and security in the region, 2. The Secretary-General of the United Nations, 
The estimated cost of processing these applications would amount to approximately $560,000. The total cost of processing these applications would be approximately $560,000 per year, with a total cost of approximately $560,000 per year for each of the applications processed by the Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Health. 
4. The initial proposed processing fee of $110,000 was calculated on the basis of a preliminary estimate provided by the Office of Administration and Performance Management of the Secretariat. The proposed processing fee of $110,000 was calculated on the basis of a preliminary estimate provided by the Office of Administration and Performance Management of the United Nations Secretariat (OAS). 
4. The session was opened by the Chair of the Committee, Nicole Ameline, on 20 October 2014, at its 1245th meeting. The session was attended by the Chair of the Committee, Nicole Ameline, and the Chair of the Committee, Nicole Ameline, and the Chair of the Committee, Nicole Ameline, at its 1245th meeting. 
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * (*) * * * * * * * * (*) * * * * * * * * * * * 
Efforts are under way to increase the African Union's peace and security-related assessments; the January 2015 African Union summit decided to allocate 25 per cent of the assessed contributions to African Union member States for peacekeeping operations. The African Union's peace and security-related assessments are currently being assessed at the African Union level, which is currently at its highest level since 2000. 
Beyond that, it will be important to continue to share lessons learned and to ensure that they are incorporated into the guidance of each organization. It will be important to ensure that the lessons learned are shared and incorporated into each organization's own policies and practices, as well as into the work of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP). 
50. The Committee adopted its programme of work for the biennium 2015-2016, as follows: The programme of work for 2015-2016 is as follows: The programme of work for 2015-2016 will be completed by the end of the year, and the programme of work for 2015-2016 will be finalized by the end of the year. 
Service Sector (formerly Administrative Services) (formerly Administrative Services) (formerly Administrative Services) (Administrative Services) (Administrative Services) (Administrative Services) (Administrative Services) (Administrative Services) (Administrative Services) (Administrative Services) (Administrative Services) (Administrative Services) (Administrative Services) (Administrative Services) (Administrative Services) (Administrative Services) (Administrative Services) 
In addition, the Commission may establish in-session working groups to deal with specific agenda items. The Commission may also set up a working group to discuss issues related to the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (UNCITRAL), which is currently being considered by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session. 
This appears to be aimed at reorganizing the space program to focus on more practical and realistic objectives (in particular, satellite launches). The goal of the space program is to increase the number of satellites that can be launched and the number of satellites that can be launched to meet the needs of the international community, and thus the number of satellites that can be launched. 
28. Unlike all previous mandates, the Committee has not received any reports on transfers of conventional arms and related materiel by the Islamic Republic of Iran during the current mandate. The Committee has not received any reports on the transfer of conventional arms and related materiel from the Islamic Republic of Iran to the Islamic Republic of Iran since the beginning of the current mandate. 
16. In the area of telecommunications, according to the administering Power, approximately 75 per cent of households have access to the Internet through a broadband connection. The number of households with broadband access is estimated to be as high as 50 per cent, compared to only 30 per cent of households with access to the Internet through a broadband connection in the United States. 
15. The Executive Directorate will work closely with the expert groups of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolutions 1267 (1999) and 1989 (2011) and the Committee established pursuant to resolution 1540 (2004) and, in accordance with its mandate, will continue to assist the Committee in paying special attention to those States for which information on the implementation of the relevant resolutions is lacking and in discussing how best to enhance dialogue with those States 
The Committee will continue to consider information from the Executive Directorate on its engagement and efforts to strengthen cooperation with international, regional and subregional organizations, development actors, civil society, academia and others in conducting research and gathering information and identifying best practices to support the Committee's efforts to promote the implementation of resolutions 1373 (2001) and 1624 (2005), taking into account the new requirements of resolution 2178 (2014). 
These terrorist attacks are also aimed at undermining the humanitarian assistance initiative launched by the leadership of the coalition for the rule of law in Yemen to meet the needs of the Yemeni people by imposing humanitarian breaks for specific periods of time that would allow the initiative to be implemented and humanitarian assistance to be delivered. In addition, the Yemeni people have been subjected to terrorist attacks. 
It also indicates, however, that obstacles remain with regard to the testing of alleged fathers, legal proceedings and the child's material support (ibid., para. 27). It also notes that there is a lack of progress in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination (UNRWA). 
( d) The Pacific Financial Inclusion Programme has worked with Fiji's Ministry of Education to integrate financial education into national curricula, so that financial education is fully integrated into mainstream curricula, and that the subject is fully taught throughout 2015. The Pacific Financial Inclusion Programme is working with the Fiji Ministry of Education to ensure that financial education is fully integrated into national curricula. 
At a summit at the level of heads of government, held in September 2014 under the presidency of United States President Barack Obama, the Security Council adopted resolution 2178 (2014), which responded to the acute and growing threat posed by foreign terrorist fighters. The Security Council, in its resolution 2178 (2014), adopted the resolution in response to the growing threat posed by foreign terrorist fighters. 
All airports in Northern Cyprus are fully compliant with international norms, and the necessary investments are being made as the technology evolves. In addition, the number of airports in Northern Cyprus has increased by more than 50% since the beginning of the year, and the number of airports in Northern Cyprus has increased by more than 50% since the beginning of the year. 
It recommends that the Assembly request the Secretary-General to provide information on the aforementioned governance framework for information technology security and services in his next overview report, including details on its compliance with the United Nations information security policy and the tools being implemented by the Office of Information and Communications Technology. The Secretary-General is also requested to provide information on the governance framework for information technology security and services in his next overview report. 
Taking note of the recent accession by Palestine to some of the human rights treaties and core humanitarian law treaties, * A / 50 / 150. * A / 50 / 150. * A / 51 / 150. * A / 51 / 150. * A / 51 / 150. * A / 51 / 150. * A / 51 / 150. 
I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to the African Union and the Federal Government of Somalia for the support and cooperation that they have extended to the United Nations in this regard. I would like to express my gratitude to the African Union and the Federal Government of Somalia for the support and cooperation that they have provided to the United Nations in this regard. 
Recognizing the urgent need to restore security, promote sustainable peace and stability in the country, implement the norms of good governance, transparent governance, respect for human rights and justice, and take measures to combat impunity, The Hague Commission on Human Rights (ICRC) said in its report on the situation in the country that the ICRC report on the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination (ICRC) 
The transition period shall commence immediately after the signing of this Agreement. The transition period shall begin immediately after the signing of the present Agreement. The transition period shall last until the end of the current period of economic and social development. "The transition period shall begin as soon as possible after the signing of the present Agreement is complete," the President of the United Nations said. 
Turkey's actions are clearly designed to undermine the sovereignty of the Republic of Cyprus, consolidate the remaining de facto separation, and upgrade the status of the secessionist entity by claiming the airspace over the occupied area of the Republic. In this regard, Turkey's actions are clearly designed to undermine the sovereignty of the Republic of Cyprus, consolidate the remaining de facto separation, and enhance the status of the secessionist entity by claiming 
Furthermore, I would like to inform you that Turkey and the occupation regime have illegally issued notices to the aircrews in connection with the Turkish Air Force exercises of 19, 20, 23 and 24 March. The Turkish air force has been conducting a series of exercises since the beginning of the year, including the launch of a nuclear warhead, the launch of a nuclear warhead and the launch of a nuclear warhead. 
6. According to the Secretary-General, the additional resources under facilities and infrastructure relate to the construction of additional camps and the strengthening of existing camps in northern Mali, in addition to the construction of helipads. In addition, the additional resources for facilities and infrastructure relate to the construction of additional camps and the strengthening of existing camps in northern Mali, in addition to the construction of helipads. 
9. The actions to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of MINUSMA for the period from 1 July 2014 to 30 June 2015 are set out in paragraph 8 of the note by the Secretary-General. The actions to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic (MINUSMA) 
14. At its 1st meeting, on 1 June, the Open-ended Meeting of Governmental Experts considered items 1 to 6 of its agenda. The Open-ended Meeting of Governmental Experts considered items 1 to 6 of its agenda, including the draft resolution on the United Nations Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment. 
Direct and sustained IAEA involvement in the Capacity-Building Initiative would strengthen international efforts in this area and avoid duplication or conflict of efforts. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) is committed to strengthening the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) capacity-building initiative in the Middle East and North Africa, as well as strengthening its capacity-building efforts in the Middle East. 
Information and Referral Network (INF-NAN): The Network of Information and Referral Centres (NICS) is a network of information and referrals that can be used to improve the quality of information available to the public, and to improve the quality of information available to the public at all levels of society. 
The framework for the implementation of international sanctions in the Republic of Lithuania is established by the Law on the Implementation of Economic and Other International Sanctions of 2004. The Law on the Implementation of Economic and Other International Sanctions in the Republic of Lithuania establishes the framework for the implementation of international sanctions in the Republic of Lithuania in the Republic of Lithuania. 
10. Subject to the agreement of the Meeting, the election will, in accordance with established practice, be held by secret ballot. The election will be held on the basis of the results of the first round of voting, which will be held by secret ballot, and the second round will be held on the basis of the results of the second round. 
In April, more than 34,000 Syrians were denied medical treatment as a result of obstruction or confiscation by regime forces. The number of Syrians displaced by the Syrian civil war rose by more than 30% from the previous year, according to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (OCHA), a non-governmental organization that monitors the situation in the country. 
Access to medical goods and equipment remains limited, and their timely delivery is severely constrained by the restrictions imposed by the regime. The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UN High Commissioner for Refugees) have called on the United Nations Security Council to review the situation. 
40. In order to address economic disparities and disparities in countries' capacity for technological innovation and research, it is essential to enhance technology transfer by encouraging and facilitating the flow of skills, knowledge, ideas, know-how and technology from developed to developing countries during the implementation of this framework. The United Nations Framework for Climate Change (UNFCCC) 
62. To be sure, there is a lack of trust among Malian interlocutors, and there is no doubt that there is a lack of trust among Malian interlocutors and interlocutors in the process of establishing a new government in the Malian capital city of Mogadishu, which is the capital of Mali. 
MINUSMA expenditures did not increase the overall inflation rate, although the price of some commodities was considered to have increased precisely because of the presence of the Mission. The increase in the cost of goods was not offset by the increase in the cost of goods, which was due to the presence of the United Nations Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MINUSMA). 
In March, Assad continued to use air strikes to blockade opposition-held areas and force civilians to starve, and later surrender. In March, the United Nations Security Council adopted a resolution condemning the use of air strikes against opposition-held areas by the Syrian government and its allies, including the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF). 
The Syrian National Coalition continues to believe that a political settlement is the only way to secure a lasting peace in Syria. The Syrian National Coalition is committed to a political settlement in Syria, which is the only way to achieve a lasting peace in the Middle East and the North Caucasus, which is the only way to achieve peace in the Middle East. 
7416th meeting, held on 26 March 2015. It was the 7416th meeting, held on 26 March 2015, with the participation of representatives of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), among those invited to participate in the meeting, which was convened by the Secretary-General. 
Brief information on efforts to provide technical training in the peaceful uses of nuclear energy to other States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT-NPT-NPT-NPT-NPT-NPT-NPT-NPT-NPT-NPT-NPT-NPT-NPT-NPT). 
The level of payment of assessed voluntary contributions to the Technical Cooperation Fund has been attained, as well as the level of financial support for the Fund's activities in the field of education and health care, education, health care, education, and health care, among other services, including education, health care, education, education, and health care. 
7.18 Requirements relating to the members of the Court totalling $15,167,600, reflecting an increase of $461,200, would provide for honorariums and other entitlements of judges, pension benefits for former judges and widows and widowers of widows and widowers of former judges and widowers. 
7.3 The activities of the Court and its Registry are not covered by the strategic framework for the period 2016-2017. The activities of the Court and its Registry are not covered by the strategic framework for the period 2016-2017, nor are they covered by the strategic framework for the period 2016-2017. The activities of the Court and its Registry are not covered by the strategic framework. 
3. In the Final Document of the 2010 Review Conference, the nuclear-weapon States undertook to consider the legitimate interest of non-nuclear-weapon States in further reducing the operational status of nuclear weapons systems. In the 2010 Review Conference, the nuclear-weapon States committed themselves to addressing the legitimate interests of non-nuclear-weapon States in further reducing the operational status of nuclear weapons systems. 
In this context, it is worth noting that the June 2013 directive of the President of the United States of America recognizes that "the possibility of a surprise, disarming nuclear strike seems highly unlikely." The United States has a long-standing commitment to ensuring that nuclear weapons are not used in any way that violates the UN Security Council's Security Council resolution. 
Logistics Officer (P-4) 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 x 
High-level representatives, experts and participants at the high-level meeting of the Global Dialogue on Capacity Building and Effective Institutions for the Implementation of the Post-2015 Development Agenda, held in Chisinau, Republic of Moldova, on 25 and 26 February 2015, were invited to participate in the Global Dialogue on Capacity Building and Effective Institutions for the Implementation of the Post-2015 Development Agenda. 
In 2014 alone, 61 journalists were killed (30 per cent were freelancers and 87 per cent were local journalists), 23 were killed as a result of direct crossfire, and 11 were killed in other circumstances while carrying out dangerous assignments. The number of journalists killed in 2014 alone was more than double the number killed in 2014. 
Police Officer post redeployed from the Khartoum Liaison Office (Khartoum) to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (OHCHR) to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) and to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) 
In 2005, the State Great Hural (Parliament) of Mongolia endorsed the Millennium Development Goals for Mongolia and added a ninth goal, "Strengthening human rights and democratic governance." The Millennium Development Goals were adopted in the context of the Millennium Development Goals for Mongolia, and a ninth goal, "Strengthening human rights and democratic governance," was added. 
The public recognizes the importance of these functions, and policymakers are making efforts to further strengthen these frameworks. The United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), and the World 
The basis for the one-year extension is the Government's request to be given the opportunity to complete the review of the implementation of the National Development Plan 2012-2015 and to use the results of the review to formulate a new national development plan. The National Development Plan is currently being reviewed by the National Development Council and the National Development Council. 
The Government's request for a one-year extension was transmitted to the United Nations Development Group by the West and Central African Group, which, in turn, approved the extension. The request was submitted to the United Nations Development Group by the Group of West and Central African States, which in turn approved the extension of the extension by the Group of West and Central African States. 
Vienna, 25 February 2015 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
7. In accordance with its obligations under article III of the Treaty, Algeria concluded a Comprehensive Safeguards Agreement with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in 1996. The Comprehensive Safeguards Agreement of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has been in force since the beginning of the year, and has been in force since then. 
Report submitted by Algeria * (E / CN.4 / 1999 / 1) * * * * * (E / CN.4 / 1999 / 1) * * * * * * * * * * * (E / CN.4 / 1998 / 1) * * * * (E / CN.4 / 1998 / 1) * * * * * * * * * * * 
In addition, some 15.6 million people gained access to safe drinking water during the month as a result of the supply of chlorine gas, which has been used to reduce the number of deaths and damage caused by the burning of contaminated water in the West Bank and Gaza Strip in the past two years, according to the UN Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations. 
59. Mortar and rocket attacks on Damascus by non-State armed groups in Damascus have worsened the security situation, including the safety of United Nations personnel. The security situation in Damascus has deteriorated as a result of the attacks on civilians and civilians by non-State armed groups, including the use of chemical weapons and the use of chemical weapons. 
In East Africa, a number of Global Citizenship Education Initiative projects have been developed, notably in Kenya and South Sudan. The Global Citizenship Education Initiative (GCitizen Education Initiative), which was established in 2001, is currently working on a number of projects in Kenya and South Sudan, including the Global Citizenship Education Initiative (GCitizen Education Initiative). 
Please also provide information on the number of shelters for abused women in the country, and the nature of their funding. In addition, please provide information on the number of shelters for abused women in the country, as well as on the type of funding provided to these shelters, which are available to women who are victims of domestic violence in the country. 
5. The report makes no mention of the use of temporary special measures during the reporting period. The report does not include any reference to the use of temporary special measures during the reporting period, as well as to the use of temporary special measures during the reporting period, which are currently being implemented in the context of the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child. 
1. The Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues recommends to the Economic and Social Council the adoption of the following draft decisions: The Economic and Social Council may wish to consider adopting the following draft decisions at its twenty-first session: The Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues, the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues, the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues, the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues, the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues, the Permanent Forum 
The Jewish community has become a particular target of such actions. The Jewish community has been targeted by the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (Isil) in recent years, and the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) in Iraq and Syria (ISIL) in recent years has been the target of such attacks. 
53. The development and implementation of a comprehensive nuclear security plan, based on the equipment recommended by IAEA, is an excellent example of cooperation between Cuba and the Agency, which contributes to the continuous strengthening of systems for preventing, detecting, and suppressing malicious acts and acts of terrorism involving nuclear and radioactive materials. The United States and the European Union are working together to develop a comprehensive nuclear security plan, based on IAEA-recommended equipment. 
My country will continue to work with all States parties to the Treaty to achieve the prohibition and total elimination of nuclear weapons at the earliest possible date. The United States will continue to work with all States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) to ensure the complete elimination of nuclear weapons at the earliest possible date. 
The Investigations Officer at the P-4 level will also assist the investigation teams in establishing factual information of an operational nature, particularly in relation to more complex cases, and will report to the Chief of Investigations in Nairobi. The Investigations Officer will be responsible to the Chief of Investigations and the Chief of Investigations of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights. 
43. In order to build capacity to prevent election-related violence, the College continued to offer its training course on the prevention of violence during the electoral process. In addition, the College provided training on the prevention of violence during the electoral process, as well as training on the prevention of violence during the electoral process, as well as training on the prevention of electoral violence. 
Across the system, staff members need to have the basic skills and perspectives to link the normative and operational aspects of their work in a manner consistent with established standards. It is important to ensure that staff members have the right skills and perspectives to ensure that the normative and operational aspects of their work are addressed in a manner consistent with established standards. 
Provisional agenda and annotations * * * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * * / 
32. According to the Force, irrespective of any purchase decisions, out of a total of 103 leased vehicles, 7 vehicles are currently to be replaced with United Nations-owned vehicles from the strategic deployment stocks, bringing the total number of leased vehicles to 96. The number of leased vehicles in the fleet to be purchased from the strategic deployment stocks (SDS) is to be reduced to 100. 
The Non-Aligned Movement emphasizes that the further institutionalization of this status would be an important step towards strengthening the non-proliferation regime in the Asia-Pacific region. The Non-Aligned Movement also emphasizes the importance of strengthening the non-proliferation regime in the Asia-Pacific region, particularly in the Middle East. 
10. Consideration and adoption of the report of the Committee to the General Assembly at its seventieth session. The report of the Committee will be presented to the General Assembly at its seventieth session, at its fifty-second session, at its fifty-second session, at which time the Committee will consider the report of the Secretary-General. 
27 April-8 May 2015 The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) have called for a review of the situation in Darfur, which has led to the deaths of more than 1,000 people since the start of the conflict. 
Progress in integration, either locally or through resettlement, does not mean forfeiture of the right to return. It does not mean that the right to return should be abolished, but that the right to return should be respected and the right to return should not be denied to those who wish to return to their country of origin in the first place. 
Other initiatives, such as housing projects in rural areas that combine housing with land suitable for agricultural purposes, have also contributed to improving the capacity to deal with the housing problem. In addition, there have been a number of other initiatives, such as housing projects in rural areas, to provide housing along with land suitable for agricultural purposes, which have contributed to improving the capacity to address the housing problem. 
Takfirist terrorist groups continue to carry out brutal and criminal attacks on Syrian educational institutions, targeting students, teachers and staff in those institutions. The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UN High Commissioner for Refugees), the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), and 
8. Nutrition Programmes (Synthesis Evaluation Study), 2004-2005, and 2005-2006, 2006-2007, 2006-2007, 2006-2007, 2006-2007, 2006-2007, 2006-2007, 2006-2007, 2006-2007, 2006-2007, 2006-2007, 2006-2007, 2006-2007, 2006-2007 
The Republic of Argentina itself continues its hostile policy towards the inhabitants of the Falkland Islands. The Falkland Islands are the only part of the world where the Argentine people do not want the Falkland Islands to remain a part of the United Kingdom and the Falkland Islands to remain a part of the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
Proposal from Senegal, on behalf of the African Group of States, on a process to control production and consumption of hydrofluorocarbons under the Montreal Protocol (HFCs) and the use of hydrofluorocarbons (hydrofluorocarbons) under the Montreal Protocol (HFCs) 
Basing itself on the Declaration of Independence of Armenia of August 23, 1990 and the Constitution of the Republic of Armenia, the Constitution of the Republic of Armenia states that the Constitution of the Republic of Armenia is the basis of the Declaration of Independence of the Republic of Armenia and the Declaration of Independence of the Republic of Armenia of August 23, 1990; 
Later in the day, President Serzh Sargsyan read out the full text of the Declaration during a wreath-laying ceremony at the Armenian Genocide Memorial Complex in Yerevan. The Declaration was signed by Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan at the Armenian Genocide Memorial Complex in Yerevan, Armenia. 
In his letter, the President of the International Criminal Court, in accordance with article 17, paragraph 3, of the Relationship Agreement between the United Nations and the International Criminal Court, transmits to the Secretary-General a copy of the aforementioned decision for onward transmission to the Security Council. The President of the International Criminal Court, in accordance with article 17, paragraph 3, of the Relationship Agreement between the 
12. Furthermore, in response to the Prosecutor's seventeenth briefing to the Security Council on 5 June 2013, the representative of the Sudan openly stated that "the Prosecutor's demand for the execution by [the Government of Sudan] of the arrest warrants issued against [Omar al-Bashir] and other Sudanese officials is unacceptable because they are based on erroneous logic, and what is based on the wrong ground is inevitably and 
The Bolivarian Government of Venezuela has repeatedly made clear its desire to engage in a friendly and respectful dialogue with the Government of the United States on the basis of the principles of the sovereign equality of States and non-interference in their internal affairs, which are enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and are the foundation of international peace and security. 
Finance Officer 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
694. The action to be taken by the General Assembly is to take the following actions: The Secretary-General is required to report to the Secretary-General on the progress made in the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) and to report to the General Assembly on progress made in the implementation of the MDGs (MDGs). 
The final outcome for the year will depend on Member States meeting their financial obligations to the Organization in full during the remainder of the year. The United Nations will have to meet its financial obligations to the Organization by the end of the year, and the United Nations will have to meet its financial obligations in full by the end of the year, as well. 
The Government of Burundi is open to dialogue with the people of Burundi, in particular, as always, through a forum of political parties, as well as with representatives of the international community and the countries of the region on ways to overcome the current crisis. The Government of Burundi is also open to dialogue with the people of Burundi, in particular, as always, through a forum of political parties, and with representatives of the international community and the countries 
Given the special situation of small island developing States, it is imperative that their resilience be strengthened and that concrete support be provided to them as part of the implementation of the Small Island Developing States Accelerated Modalities of Action (SAMOA) Pathway for Disaster Risk Reduction (SAMOA Pathway). 
It is critical that strategies be concrete and include resources to empower young women to play such an active role in socioeconomic and educational structures. The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UN High Commissioner for Refugees) and the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UN High Commissioner for Refugees) are committed to ensuring that women's rights are respected. 
It is much easier for violent extremist groups to recruit unemployed young people with no future than it is for those with a job to do so. It is also much easier to recruit unemployed young people with no future for themselves than it is to recruit young people with a job to look up to in the eyes of the world's most powerful and powerful. 
Although none of the Territories has participated in the Commission's activities over the past two years, Montserrat has participated in a series of regional forestry seminars organized by the Commission's Caribbean subgroup over the past 10 years. The Commission's work on forestry in the Caribbean has included a number of regional forestry seminars organized by the Commission's Caribbean sub-group. 
II. Support to Non-Self-Governing Territories by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations: support to the Non-Self-Governing Territories and the Non-Self-Governing Territories by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations: support to the Non-Self-Governing Territories: support to the Non-Self-Governing Territories 
Ratification of the Treaty before its entry into force and Iran's rapid conclusion of a safeguards agreement with the Agency clearly demonstrate Iran's long-standing support for and commitment to the objectives of that instrument. The Treaty's ratification by the Security Council of the United States of America and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) clearly demonstrate Iran's commitment to the Treaty's objectives. 
If the Security Council takes concerted action, acting as one, it can help to restore peace and stability in Syria. The United Nations Security Council should be able to act as one and contribute to the restoration of peace and stability in the Middle East and North Africa, as well as to the restoration of peace and stability in the Middle East and North Africa. 
In Rif Dimashq governorate, 10 barrel bombs were dropped on the Zabdani area, while warplanes carried out raids on the Kafr Batna area of eastern Ghouta. In the eastern Ghouta region, 10 barrel bombs were dropped on the town of Zabdani, which was also targeted by the Syrian government. 
8.6 The Committee further notes that, under international human rights law, the principle of non-refoulement imposes a duty on States to refrain from returning individuals to a jurisdiction where they may be subject to serious human rights violations, in particular arbitrary deprivation of life or torture or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishments. 
5.4 The author notes that the State party's observations have been limited to the question of admissibility, and no observations on the merits of the case have been submitted. The State party's observations on admissibility and the merits of the case have not been clarified by the State party's observations on admissibility and the merits of the case. 
The reprocessing plant, which is also located at military sites and is currently being tested to determine the parameters of the process, has already been placed under ABACC and IAEA safeguards. The reprocessing plant, which is currently being tested in order to determine the parameters of the process, has already been placed under ABACC and IAEA safeguards. 
Brazil, both bilaterally and as a State party to the Treaty of Tlatelolco, continues to call on the nuclear-weapon States to reconsider their position on this issue, with a view to providing the parties to such zones with unequivocal assurances against the use of nuclear weapons. The nuclear-weapon States should not be allowed to use nuclear weapons. 
Negotiations took place in a difficult environment, with the signing in Moscow of the so-called "Treaty of Alliance and Integration" between Russia and its occupation regime in Tskhinvali. It was the first time that such a treaty had been signed in Tskhinvali since the Soviet Union's annexation of Crimea in 1991. 
Detainees and their lawyers do not have the right to self-defense. The right to self-defense is not guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States of America, which prohibits the exercise of the right of self-defense by a detainee to his or her own defense or to his or her own defense of his or her rights. 
24. Judges Sekule and Güney resigned in April 2015, following the appeal judgement of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in the Tolimir case, which was the last case to which they had been appointed. The trial of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia judge, Judge Sekule Güney, was the first case to be heard by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia. 
One of the legal challenges that member States face in effectively implementing and using IPA systems relates to the right to the protection of the law against undue or arbitrary interference with privacy in the context of the collection, retention, transmission and use of passenger data (article 17 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights; article 12 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights). 
II. Recent developments and emerging trends in the field of human rights and the rule of law, including the rule of law and the rule of law, and the rule of law, including the rule of law and the rule of law, have contributed to recent developments in the field of human rights and the rule of law, as well as in the field of human rights. 
23. The right of access to information and transparency in the work of the security agencies should be respected in order to build trust and cooperation between the public and the security agencies, in accordance with the law and investigative procedures. The right to information and transparency in the work of the security agencies should be respected in order to foster trust and cooperation between the public and the security agencies, in accordance with the law and investigative procedures. 
5. Terrorism should not be associated with any particular religion, nationality, civilization or ethnic group; it should not be associated with any particular religion, nationality, civilization, or ethnic group; it should not be associated with terrorism; it should not be associated with terrorism; it should not be associated with terrorism; it should not be associated with terrorism; it should not be associated with terrorism. 
Two Israeli enemy helicopters circled over the occupied Shab'a Farms. In addition, two Israeli enemy helicopters circled over the occupied Shab'a Farms, killing one Israeli soldier and wounding two others, including two Israeli soldiers and two Israeli soldiers who were wounded in an attack on the Israeli military base in the occupied Shab'a Farms. 
9 March 2015 Print version This article was originally published by The New York Times and has been reproduced with permission by The New York Times and The New York Times for The New York Times for more than a year. The article was originally published by The New York Times and The New York Times and has been reproduced by The New York Times. 
In this regard, the outcome documents of the 2000 and 2010 Review Conferences reaffirmed that each country's choices and decisions in the field of peaceful uses of nuclear energy should be respected without jeopardizing its policies or international cooperation agreements and arrangements for peaceful uses of nuclear energy and its fuel-cycle policies. The outcome documents of the 2000 and 2010 Review Conferences reaffirmed that each country's peaceful uses of nuclear energy should be respected without jeopardizing its nuclear 
Another two were withdrawn by the Director of OIAI in 2014 in response to comments received from the concerned Member State and / or the Executive Director, respectively. The Office of Internal Oversight Services (OIAI) has not been able to respond to requests for comment from the concerned Member State and / or the Executive Director of OIAI. 
2. Asset management in the Middle East and North Africa, including the United Nations Development Programme, the World Bank, the World Bank, the World Bank, the World Bank, the World Bank, the World Bank, the World Bank, the World Bank, the United Nations, the United Nations, the World Bank, the United Nations, the United Nations, the World Bank, and others 
- Mr. Raymond Debelle (Belgium), arms; - Mr. Raymond Debelle (Belgium), arms; - Mr. Raymond Debelle (Belgium), arms; - Mr. Raymond Debelle (Belgium), arms; - Mr. Raymond Debelle (Belgium), arms; - Mr. Raymond Debelle (Belgium), arms; - Mr. Raymond Debelle (Belgium), arms; 
One CN-235 Turkish military aircraft violated international air traffic regulations and the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus by entering the Nicosia FIR and the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus without diplomatic permit or contacting the Nicosia ACC, landing at the illegal Tympou airport. The CN-235 Turkish military aircraft violated international air traffic regulations and the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus by entering 
24 April 2014 Last updated at 00: 24 By the time we arrived at the airport in Paris, France, we were on our way to a meeting with the French president, François Hollande, at which we were told that the French president, François Hollande, would be the next president of the European Union, and that the French president, François Hollande, would be the next president. 
The Republic of Korea intends to continue to make its contribution at the global level by promoting radiation research and developing educational and training programmes. The Republic of Korea is committed to promoting the use of nuclear energy as a source of energy and energy, as well as to promoting the use of nuclear energy in the development of nuclear power plants, nuclear power plants, and nuclear power plants. 
28. In February 2014, the International Physical Protection Advisory Service (IPPAS) of IAEA conducted a two-week study of the Republic's regulatory framework governing nuclear and other radioactive materials and related facilities and related security measures. The work of the International Physical Protection Advisory Service (IPPAS) was conducted under the auspices of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). 
Provisional agenda and documentation for the sixtieth session of the Commission on the Status of Women (agenda and documentation for the sixtieth session of the Commission on the Status of Women) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
Analysis of samples collected in the aftermath of earlier alleged attacks clearly demonstrates the use of highly concentrated chlorine gas in civilian areas in Idlib. The use of chlorine gas by the Syrian government in the area of Idlib has been widely reported, and the use of chlorine gas in the area has been widely reported. 
6. Legal and regulatory frameworks, including issues related to authoritative data........................................................... 
8. Integration of geospatial information and statistical and other data. The integration of geospatial information with statistical and other data is a priority for the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP). 
We agree to explore all opportunities to further enhance economic coherence among our countries in order to create a more conducive economic environment for growth and to meet the challenges of a rapidly changing international economic environment, and to share in the opportunities that arise in our region. We are committed to ensuring that we are able to meet the challenges of a rapidly changing international economic environment. 
Table 13.3 below shows the corresponding requirements in United States dollars at the United Nations rate of exchange of SwF 0.950 to US $1.00. Table 13.3 provides an overview of these requirements in United States dollars at the United Nations rate of exchange of SwF 0.950 to US $1.00 per dollar, as follows: 
At 1720 hours, the hostile forces completed their work. The work was completed in the early hours of the morning and the afternoon of the morning of the morning of the morning of the morning of the morning of the morning of the morning of the morning of the morning of the morning of the morning of the morning of the morning of the day. 
It circled over the South before leaving at 1845 hours over Naqurah. The aircraft violated Lebanese airspace, entering over Alma al-Sha'b and entering over Alma al-Sha'b and Alma al-Sha'iyah, and circled over Alma al-Sha'b and Alma al-Sha'b. 
The Houthis then launched a new offensive on Aden with the support of military units loyal to former President Saleh and his son, Ahmed Ali Saleh. The Houthis then launched a new offensive on Aden with the support of military units loyal to former President Saleh and his son, Ahmed Ali Saleh, who was killed in an airstrike. 
The Committee supports UNFPA in its efforts to enforce ethical standards that foster a culture of ethics, strengthen integrity, and enhance accountability. The Committee also supports the efforts of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNDP) to promote a culture of ethics, integrity, and accountability in the field of human rights. 
12. The Audit Advisory Committee is of the view that the Audit Advisory Committee is of the view that the following should be added to the list of the recommendations made by the Audit Advisory Committee at its fifty-second session: The Board of Auditors should be informed of the recommendations made by the Audit Advisory Committee at its fifty-second session. 
The Advisory Committee recommends approval of the resources proposed for military and police personnel for 2015. The Advisory Committee recommends approval of the resources proposed for military and police personnel for the period from 1 January to 1 January 2014. The Advisory Committee recommends approval of the resources proposed for military and police personnel for the period from 1 December 2014 to 31 December 2014, as follows: 
UNDP has also supported land reclamation activities to ensure sustainable land management. The United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) has been working with the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), and the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP). 
Information on the actual disposition of all assets of the Mission is provided in section II of the Secretary-General's report, which provides information on the actual disposition of assets in the Mission's entirety. The report of the Secretary-General provides information on the status of disposition of assets in the United Nations peacekeeping operations in Iraq and Afghanistan. 
50. In Nubul and Zahra, an estimated 26,500 people remain in areas besieged by non-State armed groups. The number of people killed and wounded in the fighting is estimated to be as high as 1,300, according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), which estimates the number of people killed by non-State armed groups. 
The mission of the organization is to identify and develop solutions to various challenges in the field of communications as a strategic area of social work. The mission of the organization is to identify and develop solutions to the challenges of communication as a strategic area of social work. The mission of the organization is to develop solutions to the challenges of communication in the field of communication. 
Centrist Democratic International brings together parties, organizations, and political associations that derive their ideas and behaviors from Christian humanism or integral humanism, that is, a humanism that is open to solidarity and fraternity. The International Organization of Centrist Democratic Organizations (IODC) is an international organization of parties, organizations, and political associations that derive its ideas and behaviors from the principles of Christian humanism or integral 
President:...................................................................... 
As a result, urbanization has reduced poverty, accelerated economic growth, and increased interdependence between urban and rural areas. In the past decade, urbanization has reduced poverty, increased economic growth, and increased rural-urban interdependence, resulting in an increase in the number of people living in urban areas and in the number of people living in urban areas. 
( b) What is the role of different stakeholders in building linkages between urban and rural areas, including at different levels of government, in the private sector, and among workers' unions?; and what is the role of different stakeholders in building linkages between urban and rural areas, including at different levels of government, in the private sector, and among workers' unions? 
Agenda item 131 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.97.II.C.1) * (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.97.II.C.1) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
Implementation: continue to support countries in their efforts to develop and implement strategies and completion plans to achieve the Millennium Development Goals, including accelerating action and developing tools to adapt the SDGs to local contexts; (c) Promote the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals; (d) Promote the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals; 
In addition to Rabat, Tindouf (Algeria), Algiers and Nouakchott, he also visited Western Sahara for the second time, when he held meetings with a wide range of local partners. It was the first time that he had visited Western Sahara, and the first time that he had visited Western Sahara. 
In adopting the attached communiqué, the Peace and Security Council was guided by the need to ensure enhanced and coordinated international engagement on the issue, with a view to promoting a speedy resolution of the conflict in Western Sahara on the basis of international law. The Security Council, in adopting the communiqué, was guided by the need for a comprehensive and coordinated international response to the conflict in Western Sahara. 
B. Other documents, including those submitted by Member States and the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, held in New York from 1 to 5 June 1997, and the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, held in New York from 1 to 4 June 1997, respectively. 3 to 6 December 1997, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCCD) held in New York, New York, and the United Nations Conference on Trade 
Report of the Secretary-General on the overview of human resources management reform: Towards a global, dynamic and adaptable workforce for the United Nations. (Signed) Oleg Deripaska (Signed) Oleg Deripaska (Signed) Oleg Deripaska (Signed) Oleg Deripaska (Signed) 
17. The review examines the use of retirees and staff retained beyond the mandatory age of separation in the United Nations system organizations. The review focuses on the use of retirees and staff retained beyond the mandatory age of separation in the organizations of the United Nations system, as well as on the use of retirees and staff retained beyond the mandatory age of separation. 
In addition, UNICEF is an active participant in the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF) process, follows the guidance of the United Nations Development Group on mainstreaming environmental sustainability, and integrates the three dimensions of sustainable development into the UNDAF process. The United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF), the United Nations Development Group (UNDG), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP 
Percentage of expenditures on activities with a "significant" or "principal" goal of gender equality: 27% of total expenditure on activities with a "significant" or "principal" goal of gender equality: 27% of total expenditure on activities with a "significant" or "primary" goal of achieving gender equality: 27% of total expenditure on activities with a "significant" or "primary" goal of achieving gender equality. 
The Sendai Declaration and the Declaration on the Rights of the Child, and the Declaration of Peace and Security, and the Declaration of Peace and Security, and the Sendai Declaration, and the Sendai Declaration, and the Sendai Declaration, and the Sendai Declaration, and the Sendai Declaration, the Sendai Declaration, and the Sendai Declaration, 
A proposal was also made for the establishment of a United Nations information centre in the Republic of Korea, which would be the first of its kind to be established in the United Nations Office at Geneva (OCHA) in the Republic of Korea (UN-OCHA), the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (OSCE). 
29. Executions of civilians by ISIL have continued, with the number of civilians killed in the past year increasing by more than a third, according to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (OSCE), which estimates that the number of civilian deaths in the country has increased by more than 30% since the start of the year. 
Component 4: early recovery in the northern part of Mali (in thousands of United States dollars, in thousands of United States dollars and in thousands of United States dollars, in thousands of United States dollars, and in thousands of United States dollars, in millions of dollars, and in millions of dollars, and in millions of dollars, in millions of dollars) 
4. As at 21 November 2014, 86 parties had reported for 2010 (50 per cent), 85 for 2011 (49 per cent), and 80 for 2012 (45 per cent). The number of parties reporting for 2010 (50 per cent), 2011 (49 per cent), and 2012 (45 per cent), respectively, was as follows: 
22 April 2015 But it is not clear that this is the case in the United States, which is the world's largest economy, or in the United Kingdom, or in the United States, which is the world's largest economy, or in the United Kingdom, or in the United States, which is the world's largest economy, according to the International Monetary Fund (IMF). 
All intergovernmental bodies, including the Economic and Social Council and its functional commissions, are called upon to mainstream a gender perspective into all issues under their consideration and within their mandates. The Economic and Social Council and its functional commissions are called upon to integrate a gender perspective into the work of their respective bodies, and to integrate a gender perspective within their mandates. 
The view was also expressed that the secretariats of the commissions should be represented in the Inter-Agency Network on Women and Gender Equality (IANWGE), and that the Inter-Agency Network on Women and Gender Equality (IANWGE) should also be represented in the Commission's secretariats, as well as in the Inter-Agency Network on Women and Gender Equality. 
In this regard, the Permanent Mission of the Syrian Arab Republic would be grateful if the Secretary-General could take the following measures: The Syrian Arab Republic would be grateful to the Secretary-General for his assistance in this regard, and would also be grateful to the Secretary-General for his assistance in this regard. The Permanent Mission of the Syrian Arab Republic would be grateful if the Secretary-General could: 
Disarmament efforts must be underpinned by a responsible policy of diminishing the role of nuclear weapons in military doctrines and security strategies. It must also be supported by the establishment of a comprehensive nuclear-weapons-free zone in the Middle East and North Africa, as well as by the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the Middle East. 
Article IX of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species and Other Cruel, Intellectual or Degrading Treatment or Punishment of Animals or Other Cruel, Intellectual, or Degrading Treatment or Punishment of Animals or Other Cruel, Intellectual or Degrading Treatment or Punishment 
The protection of the environment, human rights and dignity, and the protection of civilian populations must also be addressed, as must the protection of human rights and the dignity of the human person, and the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms, and the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the rule of law. 
Recommendations for follow-up action The recommendations for follow-up action are as clear as the recommendations of the World Health Organization and the World Health Organization, the United Nations, the World Health Organization, the World Health Organization, the World Health Organization, the World Health Organization, the World Health Organization, the World Health Organization, the World Health Organization, the World Health Organization, the World Health Organization, the United Nations, the United Nations, 
The Advisory Committee sought clarification of the different amounts, as well as differences in the composition of assets, and was informed that, between the various reports, the UNMIT assets database (Galileo) had been progressively brought into a state of readiness to be closed. The Advisory Committee was also informed that the UNMIT assets database (Galileo) had not been fully operational for some time. 
Provisional agenda for the 7455th meeting of the Security Council and its fifty-first session, held in New York from 1 to 5 June 2014, respectively. The agenda for the 7455th meeting of the Security Council should be prepared by the Secretary-General and the Secretary-General as well as by the Secretary-General of the United Nations. 
International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Genocide and Other Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of Rwanda and Rwandan Citizens Responsible for Genocide and Other Such Violations Committed in the Territory of Neighbouring States, between 1 January 1994 and 31 December 1994 (ICTR) 
Please also indicate whether a gender impact analysis is being conducted or envisaged to determine whether the new pension law has a disproportionate negative impact on women (paras. 100-101). In addition, please indicate whether a gender impact analysis is being undertaken or envisaged to determine whether the new pension law has a disproportionate negative impact on women (paras. 100-101). 
16. Please indicate whether the reduction in the health-care budget and the new requirement to charge women 20 per cent of the cost of sexual and reproductive health care has had a negative impact on women's health. In particular, please indicate whether the reduction in the health-care budget and the new requirement to charge women 20 per cent of the cost of sexual and reproductive health care have had a negative impact on women's health. 
Syrian regime forces and ISIL terrorists continue to engage in tactical partnerships aimed at eliminating moderates and promoting pluralism. The United States and its allies in the Middle East and North Africa are working together to defeat the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), an Islamic State group in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). 
In that regard, they noted the importance of strengthening the capacity of UNODC and acknowledged the ongoing activities and assistance received from UNODC, the United Nations Development Programme and the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, as well as the support received from the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) and the Department of Peacekeeping Operations (DPKO). 
34. The United Kingdom, with the support of all member States of the European Union and Euratom, has submitted a package of proposals based on the working group's list of 68 actions aimed primarily at amending the guidelines for documents to be submitted under the Convention on Nuclear Safety. The proposals are based on the working group's list of 68 actions aimed primarily at amending the guidelines for documents to be submitted under the Convention on Nuclear Safety 
39. The Federal Government has continued to implement its national programme for demobilizing combatants, which is currently being implemented by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. 
The Human Rights Due Diligence Policy (HRDDP), adopted by the United Nations General Assembly in 2000, has been adopted by the Human Rights Council for the first time since its inception, and is expected to be adopted by the General Assembly in the next few years, as is the Human Rights Due Diligence Policy (HRDDP). 
The Conference also emphasizes the importance for States to continue to take active steps to implement the measures contained in the IAEA Action Plan on Nuclear Safety. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) are committed to a comprehensive nuclear safety and security plan, including the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). 
The Permanent Mission of the Republic of Burundi to the United Nations presents its compliments to all the members of the United Nations Security Council and has the honour to inform the Council that, on 21 April 2015, the National Communication Council of Burundi organized a ceremony to sign the Code of Good Conduct for the Media and Journalists in the elections to be held in 2015. 
The budget of the Organization is divided into two separate sections, one dealing with administrative and other costs, and the other with audit-related costs. The budget of the United Nations is divided into two separate sections, one dealing with administrative and other costs, and the other with audit-related costs, which comprises the budget of the United Nations. 
Source: Global Accountability and Tracking System for the Use of Evaluations (Global Accountability and Tracking System for the Utilization of Evaluations (GACS)). The Global Accountability and Tracking System for the Utilization of Evaluations (Global Accountability and Tracking System). 
To improve the use of the knowledge and evidence base of 411 evaluation reports, the gender equality review is synthesizing the lessons learned and good practices contained therein. The gender-equality review will focus on improving the use of the knowledge and evidence base, which includes 411 evaluation reports, as well as the gender-equality review process, which includes lessons learned and good practices. 
The United States Environmental Protection Agency has also indicated that TNT, napalm, depleted uranium, mercury, lead, and other chemicals may be among the noxious substances associated with the munitions located on the island. The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has also identified TNT, napalm, depleted uranium, mercury, lead, and other chemicals. 
29G.33 During the biennium 2016-2017, the following outputs will be delivered (regular budget and extrabudgetary): The following will be delivered by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (OHCHR) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (OHCHR), which will provide support to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR). 
29G.57 The distribution of resources for subprogramme 6 is reflected in table 29G.17 below. The distribution of resources for subprogramme 6 is reflected in table 29G.17, which shows the distribution of resources for subprogramme 5, subprogramme 5, subprogramme 6, subprogramme 6, subprogramme 6, subprogramme 6, subprogramme 6, subprogramme 6, subprogramme 6, subprogramme 6, subprogramme 6, sub
With redeployment from the Quick-Impact Projects Unit of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) 
IPSAS adopts an accrual basis of accounting and requires that expenses be recognized in the period to which they pertain; and, in the case of IPSAS, it requires an accrual basis of accounting for the costs incurred in the period to which they relate, as well as an accrual basis of accounting for the costs incurred in the period to which they relate. 
In his opening remarks, the Director of the Division for Africa, Least Developed Countries and Special Programmes said that the Least Developed Countries Report was the only United Nations periodic report that addressed the problems of LDCs in a substantive manner. The Least Developed Countries Report was the first report to be prepared by the United Nations. 
2. Adoption of the agenda and organization of work............................................................. 
The Disarmament and Peace Affairs Branch of the Department for General Assembly and Conference Management served as the secretariat of the Working Group, with the Office for Disarmament Affairs providing advice to the Working Group. The Working Group was chaired by the Secretary-General of the United Nations Office for Disarmament Affairs, and the Working Group was chaired by the Secretary-General of the United Nations Office for Disarmament Affairs. 
3. Stresses the importance of the clear, timely, accurate and comprehensive provision of information by the Secretariat to Member States, upon their request, within the framework of existing mandates and procedures; The Secretary-General of the United Nations, Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, Secretary-General of the 
66. Notes, in this regard, the proposed digitization strategy for the long-term preservation, access and effective management of the United Nations audio-visual archives, and requests the Department of Public Information to submit for the consideration of the relevant bodies a detailed proposal for the massive digitization of the audio-visual collections within existing resources and plans to mobilize voluntary resources to fund the digitization and storage of the audio-
Technical adjustments (removal of non-recurrent requirements) - - - - - - (- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
The Government of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, individually and collectively, rejects the false allegations and unacceptable accusations against Jordan contained in identical letters dated 2 April 2015 from the Permanent Mission of Syria to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council concerning the recent events in the Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp. 
Thus, effective non-proliferation measures must involve not only limiting the geographic scope of nuclear proliferation, but also reducing the number and destructive power of such weapons and limiting their use. The United Nations Security Council, for its part, has called for an end to the proliferation of nuclear weapons, and for a reduction in the number and scope of their use. 
9. Other achievements in preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons include the establishment of nuclear-weapon-free zones in various parts of the world and the declaration by one country of its nuclear-weapon-free status, thereby ensuring that there are no nuclear weapons in the territory of that State and the territories of the parties to the treaties establishing such zones. 
Commending the efforts undertaken by the Special Representative of the Secretary-General of the United Nations to promote a political solution to the political and security crisis in Libya, The Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Secretary-General of the United Nations of the United Nations of the Secretary-General of the United Nations of the Secretary-General of the United Nations of the Secretary-General of the United Nations of the United Nations, 
3. Urges Member States, in coordination with the Libyan government, to combat by all means, in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations and international law, threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts, including those perpetrated by ISIL, declared groups supporting ISIL, Ansar al-Sharia groups, and all other individuals, groups, undertakings, and entities associated with Al-Qaida operating in Libya 
A series of dialogues were held, including on the following themes: "Localizing the post-2015 agenda"; "Promoting capacity-building and effective institutions"; "Extensive monitoring for accountability"; "Partnerships with civil society"; "Working with the private sector"; and "Culture and development." 
7. Based on the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Law, the Government of Japan controls the export of arms and related technology, which are designated as "controlled" items under item 1 of table 1 annexed to the Export Trade Control Order and the table annexed to the Foreign Exchange Order. The Government of Japan controls the export of weapons and related technology, which are designated as "controlled" items under item 1 of table 1 annexed 
In the light of resolution 2140 (2014), no licences will be issued for such payments or capital transactions, except as stipulated in paragraph 12 of resolution 2140 (2014). In the light of resolution 2140 (2014), such payments or capital transactions will not be subject to the same restrictions as those set out in paragraph 12 of resolution 2140 (2014). 
The Group also reaffirms that stability cannot be achieved in a region where huge imbalances in military capabilities persist, particularly through the possession of nuclear weapons, which allow one party to threaten its neighbours and the region and pose a threat to international peace and security. The Group also reaffirms that the United Nations Security Council should not be allowed to impose sanctions on Iran for its nuclear activities. 
A summary of these results was provided to the Syrian Arab Republic on 10 March 2015, and the States parties were informed of the results of this exercise. The Syrian Arab Republic received a summary of these results on 10 March 2015, and the Syrian Arab Republic was informed of the results by the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Secretary-General of the UN. 
He emphasized the need to ensure policy coherence among donor countries in support of sustainable fisheries in developing countries. The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UN High Commissioner for Refugees) stressed the need for international cooperation on sustainable fisheries in developing countries (UN-HABITAT) and the need for international cooperation on sustainable fisheries in developing countries. 
5. An introductory statement was made by the Under-Secretary-General for Legal Affairs and the Assistant Secretary-General for Coordination and Inter-Agency Affairs on behalf of the Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs. The Under-Secretary-General for Legal Affairs and the Assistant Secretary-General for Coordination and Inter-Agency Affairs made introductory statements. 
V. Potential for absorption during the biennium 2016-2017 (in thousands of United States dollars) (in thousands of United States dollars) (in thousands of United States dollars) (in thousands of United States dollars) (in thousands of dollars) (in thousands of dollars) (in thousands of dollars) (in thousands of dollars) (in thousands of dollars) 
2. The activities referred to in the draft resolution fall within the framework of programme 1 of the biennial programme plan and priorities for the period 2016-2017 and section 2, General Assembly and Economic and Social Council affairs and conference management, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2016-2017. The proposed programme budget for the period 2016-2017 includes the following: 
Recalling all of its relevant resolutions on women, peace and security, on children and armed conflict, and on the protection of civilians in armed conflict, * A / 60 / 150. * A / 60 / 150. * A / 60 / 150. * A / 60 / 150. * A / 60 / 150. * A / 60 / 150. 
9. Encourages the Ivoirian authorities to consult with UNOCI, within its existing mandate and resources, to ensure that notifications and authorization requests contain the required information; The Commission on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (ECOSOC), the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (UN High Commissioner for Refugees), and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UN High Commissioner for Refugees 
There can be no improvement in relations between the Democratic People's Republic of Korea and the United States of America unless the United States abandons its intransigent and constant confrontation and its hostile policy towards the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. There can be no improvement in relations between the Democratic People's Republic of Korea and the United States of America unless the United States abandons its hostile policy towards the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. 
It has also continued to engage with troop-contributing countries to maintain their political commitment to the Regional Task Force's activities. The Regional Task Force has been established by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR). 
They have held meetings with national authorities and other key stakeholders to discuss ongoing efforts to combat LRA. In addition, they have met with a number of international organizations, including the United Nations and the United Nations, to discuss the ongoing efforts to combat the LRA in the Darfur region, including the African Union, the African Union, the African Union, the African Union, and the United Nations. 
In this regard, the Ministry once again deplores the heinous killing by demonstrators of a Congolese citizen and the abuse of a French and a Burundian citizen, and expresses its condolences to their families. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Democratic Republic of the Congo wishes to express its condolences to the families of the Congolese. 
11. As stated repeatedly at the Non-Aligned Movement's Summit and Ministerial Conferences, "stability cannot be achieved in a region where huge imbalances in military capabilities persist, particularly as a result of the possession of nuclear weapons, which allow one party to threaten its neighbours and the entire region." It is not possible to achieve stability in a region where there are huge imbalances in military capabilities, particularly as a result of 
There is every reason to believe that two ancient peoples can muster the wisdom to understand each other and to look to the future together. In fact, there is no reason to believe that two ancient peoples could be wise enough to understand each other and to look to the future together, and that they would be wise to do so in the future. 
Technical support for security sector reform is sustainable only if it is closely linked to political dialogue that can ensure a commitment to democratic governance at the various stages of the security sector reform process. In addition, technical support for security sector reform can be made available to the international community, including the United Nations, the United Nations, the European Union, the European Union, the European Union, the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, and 
At Headquarters, approximately 9,400 people will be able to take part in these programmes; The programme will be funded by the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF). 
a. Maintenance of human resources management scorecard-based reporting for 70 entities, including the Management Performance Board; The Office of Human Resources Management and the Office of Human Resources Management and the Office of the Director of Human Resources Management and the Office of Human Resources Management and the Office of the Director of Human Resources Management and the Office of Human Resources Management; 
Delegations looked forward to the establishment of a mechanism to link resources and indicators of the strategic plan to resources and indicators at the country level to support global reporting on accomplishments in resource management. The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNDP), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations 
54. The members of the Peace and Security Council of the African Union and the United Nations Security Council recalled the importance of establishing an ad hoc working group of the Security Council on conflict prevention and resolution in Africa. The Working Group on Conflict Prevention and Resolution in Africa, chaired by the Secretary-General of the African Union, called on the Security Council to establish a special working group on conflict prevention and resolution in Africa. 
35. During the intersessional work, there have been repeated calls for the future international arrangement on forests to actively promote and catalyse financing for sustainable forest management, as well as to have a real impact on policies and actions on all types of forests at all levels. The international arrangement on forests should be a catalyst for sustainable forest management. 
Enhancing implementation of and financing for sustainable forest management (SFMM) in developing countries, including the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom, is a priority for the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) and the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), as well as the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) and the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP). 
The Syrian Government will provide the Security Council with information on innocent civilian casualties. The Security Council will be informed by the Syrian Government of the events that have taken place in the Syrian Arab Republic and the Syrian Arab Republic, as well as the Syrian Arab Republic and the Syrian Arab Republic, as well as the Syrian Arab Republic, as well as the Syrian Arab Republic. 
The High Commissioner is accountable to the Secretary-General, with whom he / she enters into a compact, as other Under-Secretaries-General do. The Secretary-General is accountable to the Secretary-General of the United Nations, and he / she is accountable to the Secretary-General of the United Nations, as is the case with other Under-Secretaries-General. 
In paragraph 4, the Assembly requested the Department of Public Information to continue its efforts to update web-based information on the assistance programmes available to the Non-Self-Governing Territories. The Secretary-General requested the Department of Public Information to continue its efforts to update web-based information on the assistance programmes available to the Non-Self-Governing Territories. 
1 to 12 June 2015, New York, United Nations Headquarters, New York, United Nations Headquarters, New York, United Nations Headquarters, New York, United Nations Headquarters, New York, United Nations Headquarters, New York, United Nations Headquarters, New York, United Nations Headquarters, New York, United Nations Headquarters, United Nations Headquarters, New York, United Nations Headquarters, United Nations Headquarters, United Nations Headquarters, New York, United Nations Headquarters, 
The Secretary-General of the United Nations and the High Representative for Disarmament Affairs actively promoted the convening of the conference as soon as possible and provided all possible support to the facilitator. The Secretary-General of the United Nations and the High Representative of the Secretary-General of the United Nations for Disarmament Affairs actively supported the convening of the conference. 
8. Participants are encouraged to ensure that the following measures are in place at the time of the meeting in order to ensure that the participants are not exposed to any of the following types of environmental risks in the event of a climate change event in which climate change does not pose a risk to the environment and to the environment in which they are present: 
Statements were made by the President of the General Assembly, the Deputy Secretary-General and the Vice-President of the Economic and Social Council. The President of the General Assembly, the Deputy Secretary-General, and the Vice-President of the Economic and Social Council, respectively, made statements on behalf of the Secretary-General of the Economic and Social Council. 
The countries of the Northern Triangle are three times more likely to be affected by natural disasters than the rest of Latin America. The countries of the Northern Triangle are less likely to be affected by natural disasters than the rest of the countries of Latin America, and they are less likely to be affected by natural disasters than the rest of the world. 
A summary, as at 10 May 2015, of the actual and projected income from the annual overhead charges from 2014 to 2016 is contained in the annex to the present report. The annual overhead charges for the period from 2014 to 2016 are included in the annex to the present report, which provides an overview of the actual and projected income generated by the annual overhead charges from 2014 to 2016. 
Government of the Russian Federationa The Government of the Russian Federationa The Government of the Russian Federationb, the Government of the Russian Federationb, the Government of the Russian Federationb, the Government of the Russian Federationb, the Government of the Russian Federationb, the Government of the Russian Federationb, the Government of the 
Please provide information on measures taken, including temporary special measures, such as quotas and awareness-raising campaigns on the importance of women's full and equal representation in decision-making positions, aimed at overcoming such barriers and promoting women's equal representation in political and public life, including at the local level. In addition, please provide information on the measures taken, including temporary special measures, such as the establishment of quotas and awareness-raising 
9. The State party recognizes that there are many barriers to women's participation in political and public life (para. 172). The State party is concerned that women's participation in political and public life is impeded by the lack of opportunities for women to participate in political and public life (para. 172), and that there are many barriers to women's participation in public life. 
6. Notes the benefits, including economic ones, accruing to host countries from the presence of the United Nations, as well as the costs associated with the presence of the United Nations; The Executive Board of the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECOSOC), the Executive Board of the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECOSOC), 
It also notes that UNMIK will contribute to the creation of conditions conducive to further progress in the implementation of the "First Agreement on Guidelines for Normalization of Relations" of 19 April 2013, and intensify its efforts aimed at reconciliation and integration of all communities in Kosovo. It also notes that UNMIK will continue to support the efforts of the United Nations Security Council, the Security Council, the Security Council, and the 
Formerly Head of Technical Support Services, the company is responsible for providing technical support services to its customers, as well as providing technical support services to its customers in the form of mobile phones, mobile phones, mobile phones, mobile phones, mobile phones, mobile phones, mobile phones, mobile phones, mobile phones, mobile phones, mobile phones, and other mobile devices. 
In the same resolution, the Council recognized that, in the light of the updated information received, adjustments to the resumption of the phase-out might be necessary. The Council also recognized that, in the light of the updated information received, it would be necessary to make adjustments to the implementation of the phase-out phase-out plan, as appropriate. 
It was distributed to all future participants in the conference as a tool that the facilitator could use during the consultations to help move the entire process forward. In addition, the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Secretary-General of the Economic and Social Council were invited to participate in the consultations, as well as to participate in the consultations. 
4. Following the appointment of the facilitator and the designation of the host country, a unit has been established in the Finnish Ministry of Foreign Affairs to support the facilitator and assist in the preparations for the conference. In addition, the Finnish Ministry of Foreign Affairs has established a special unit to assist the facilitator in the preparation of the conference. 
Agenda item 18 (h) (Oceans and the Law of the Sea) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) (continued) 
International Federation for Family Development (general, 1999) The International Federation for Family Development is a non-governmental organization (IFFD) that has been active in the field of family development for more than a decade, and has been active in the field of family development since its inception in 1999, when it was established in the United States as a non-governmental organization. 
Network of Non-Governmental Organizations Platforms in West and Central Africa (special, 2015) The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UN High Commissioner for Refugees, UN High Commissioner for Refugees, UN High Commissioner for Refugees, UN High Commissioner for Refugees, UN High Commissioner for Refugees, UN High Commissioner for Refugees, UN High Commissioner for Refugees, UN High Commissioner for Refugees, UN High Commissioner for Refugees, UN High Commissioner for Refugees, 
Section 262 (1) of the COP also provides for the possibility of submitting an application and accompanying documents in electronic form. It is also possible to submit an application to the COP in accordance with Article 262 (1) of the Code of Criminal Procedure, which provides for the right to file an application in electronic form. 
In enforcement proceedings, the only objections that can be raised to a mediation document signed within the framework of domestic proceedings are those that arise after the document has been signed. The only objections that can be raised are those that arise after the mediation document has been signed, and the only objections that can be raised are those that arise after the mediation document has been signed. 
37. The review process coincides with the formulation of the post-2015 sustainable development agenda and the establishment of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), which are expected to be implemented by the end of the year, in the context of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) and the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs). 
The next step is to pilot a full-scale tank and carry out a validation test. The first step is to build a full-scale tank and carry out a validation test, which will be completed by the end of the year, and then complete a full-scale test of the tank by the end of the year, which will be completed by the end of the year. 
The estimated level of resources for 2016-2017 also takes into account the level of voluntary contributions that are expected to be made. The estimates for 2016-2017 also take into account the level of voluntary contributions that are expected to be made to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (OHCHR), which will be available in 2016-2017. 
72. Partnerships, networks and networking governance mechanisms, in their various combinations, are seen as new, more flexible and horizontal ways of governance that are built on the principle of non-hierarchical governance, in which multiple organizations or power and authority structures, not formally subordinate to each other, operate in an interconnected and interdependent manner, creating horizontal channels of interaction and knowledge-sharing. 
This shift will be possible only if it is accompanied by reliable communication, advocacy, and investment in institutional and human resource capacity-building. In order to make this shift possible, we need to invest in infrastructure, infrastructure, infrastructure, and infrastructure, as well as in infrastructure, infrastructure, infrastructure, and infrastructure, including infrastructure, infrastructure, and infrastructure. 
As the range of possible solutions necessarily expands, so does the range of actors and decision-makers, and there is a need for ongoing efforts to simplify and synthesize information in order to ensure that everyone is aware of it. The number of actors and decision-makers is growing, and there is a need for ongoing efforts to simplify and synthesize information to ensure that it is shared. 
Reiterating its call upon the parties and the neighbouring states to cooperate more fully with the United Nations and with each other and to intensify their engagement to end the current impasse and to achieve progress towards a political solution, The Hague-based Council on Foreign Relations (CCFI) has called on the parties and the neighbouring states to cooperate more fully with the United Nations and with each other, and to intensify their engagement, 
Judges take into account the gravity of the crimes committed when determining the penalty to be meted out in the case of the crime committed. In determining the sentence, judges must take into account the seriousness of the crimes committed in the case of the crime in which they are convicted, and in the case of the crime in which they have committed the crime. 
Section 9 (f) of the Judicature Act establishes jurisdiction over crimes committed by Sri Lankan citizens outside the country. The Court Act establishes jurisdiction over crimes committed by Sri Lankan citizens outside the country, and the courts have jurisdiction over crimes committed by Sri Lankan citizens outside the country, including crimes against Sri Lankan law. 
The increase is offset in part by reduced requirements for travel of staff, taking into account the expected impact of the implementation of the approved standards of accommodation for air travel and reduced requirements for contractual services. The increase in travel of staff reflects the impact of the implementation of the approved standards of accommodation for air travel and reduced requirements for contractual services. 
It also liaises and negotiates with UNEP, UN-Habitat and other agencies on all aspects of service arrangements, negotiates, under the authority of the Director-General of the Office, with the host country authorities on all administrative and financial matters related to the implementation of the headquarters agreement, and determines and negotiates cost-sharing and cost-recovery arrangements with other United Nations entities and specialized agencies for services provided to them. 
He also noted the continuing negative impact of the conflict in the Syrian Arab Republic on Lebanon, including the presence of Syrian refugees in the country and the burden borne by host communities in providing support to refugees. The Secretary-General of the United Nations said that the conflict in the Syrian Arab Republic continued to have a negative impact on Lebanon, including the presence of Syrian refugees in the country and the burden borne by host communities. 
In 1944, Crimean Tatars were deported from the Crimean peninsula as a result of a state-sponsored forced action ordered by the then Soviet leader, I. Stalin. In 1944, the Crimean Tatars were deported from the Crimean peninsula, on the orders of the then-Soviet leader, I. Stalin, by force of law. 
18. The economic and social development of all peoples of the world is one of the main objectives of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea. The United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS), in particular, aims to strengthen the rule of law and the rule of law in the Middle East and North Africa. 
Thus, identifying the interlinkages between the sustainable development of oceans and seas and the goals formulated by the Open Working Group can contribute to a better understanding of the role of oceans in sustainable development and the need for greater integration of the environmental, social and economic dimensions of the ocean. The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), and the United 
In addition to the expansion of settlements, on 4 May, the occupying Power approved plans to demolish tents and homes in the village of Khirbet Susiya near Al-Khalil in order to build a settler park in the area. In addition to the settlement expansion, the occupying Power also approved plans for the demolition of tents and houses in the village of Khirbet Susiya, near Al-Khalil, 
3.2 The authors emphasize that discriminatory common law provisions in the State party continue to govern the situation of millions of women, who face the same violations as the authors themselves. The State party's common law continues to discriminate against women and their families, and the State party continues to treat them with the same degree of disregard as it did in the past. 
As a result, the authors, following the death of their spouses, were deprived of their rights to participate in the administration of the spouses' property and to receive an inheritance. The authors were also denied the right to participate in the administration of the property of their spouses, as well as the right to receive an inheritance from them. 
Plutonium repositories at Sellafield and gas enrichment centrifuges at Capenhurst are currently earmarked for IAEA inspection. The Plutonium Repository at Sellafield is currently in the process of being dismantled, and the Plutonium Repository at Capenhurst is currently in the process of being dismantled. 
Thanks to unremitting efforts, we have reduced our nuclear arsenal by more than 50 per cent from its Cold War peak, and since 1998 all of our air-based nuclear assets have been decommissioned and dismantled. The United Nations Security Council, the United Nations Security Council, the International Atomic Energy Agency, the International Atomic Energy Agency, the International Atomic Energy Agency, the International Atomic Energy 
d. Demand that all Member States support all efforts to ensure the holding of a Conference on the establishment of a Middle East zone free of nuclear weapons and all other weapons of mass destruction, and the full implementation of the 1995 Resolution; and that all Member States support all efforts to ensure the holding of a Conference on the establishment of a Middle East zone free of nuclear weapons and all other weapons of mass destruction. 
4. Recalls that the working group has repeatedly discussed fund-raising and ways to achieve sustainable and balanced funding for the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, with a view to ensuring effective technical assistance, implementation capacity and sustainability of thematic, global, regional and country-specific programmes; The Executive Director of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime 
Recalling also that the Political Declaration and Plan of Action on International Cooperation towards an Integrated and Balanced Strategy to Counter the World Drug Problem states that Member States should, within their national legal frameworks and consistent with applicable international law, consider making drug treatment and care, in particular alternative treatment to imprisonment, fully available to offenders, where appropriate, 
Draft report of the International Committee of the Red Cross and the International Committee of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (ICRC) are among the world's largest non-governmental organizations, including the World Health Organization (WHO), the World Health Organization (WHO), the World Health Organization (WHO), the World Health Organization (WHO), and the World Health Organization (WHO). 
1. A plan of work for exploration shall be approved for a period of 15 years. The plan of work for exploration shall be valid for a period of 15 years and shall be completed by the end of the year, unless otherwise required by the relevant legislation of the Republic of Belarus and the relevant legislation of the Republic of Belarus. The plan of work shall be effective. 
Recalling that, in accordance with article 162, subparagraphs 2 (a) and (l), of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, the Council shall monitor and coordinate the implementation of the provisions of Part XI of the Convention on all matters and issues within the competence of the Authority, and shall exercise control over activities in the Area in accordance with article 153, paragraph 4, of the Convention and the rules, 
Accordingly, Act No. 64 of 2013 established the Directorate of Indigenous Peoples' Affairs (Directorate-General for Indigenous Peoples), which is responsible for the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination (DPRK), including the Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. 
While transparency with regard to the implementation of non-proliferation obligations by non-nuclear-weapon States is ensured through IAEA safeguards-based reports to the Board of Governors, there is no specific mechanism to ensure transparency with regard to the fulfilment of nuclear disarmament obligations by the nuclear-weapon States. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) reports to the International Atomic Energy Agency Board of Governors on non-proliferation obligations 
a. Substantive servicing of meetings: multi-year expert meetings on promoting economic integration and cooperation (2), multi-year expert meetings on creating an enabling environment at all levels (1); (2); (3) (4) (5) (6) (6) (6) (6) (7) (7) (7) (7) (7) (8) (8) 
As was recognized throughout the region, this step was a reaffirmation, at the highest political level, of the will of the Argentine Government to achieve a peaceful and definitive settlement of the sovereignty dispute. The Government of Argentina is committed to resolving the dispute once and for all, and is committed to resolving it once and for all, in a timely manner. 
Gibraltar has its own characteristics that are not found in other decolonized territories. It is not the only territory to be decolonized, but it is the only one in the world to be decolonized, and it is the only one in the world to be decolonized and decolonized in this way. 
Annexes 1-7 are available separately on the UNFPA website. Annexes 1-7 are available on the website of the United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNFPA), as well as on the website of the United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNDP) and the United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNDP) in the United Nations Development Fund for Women. 
Together with the 34 cases carried over from 2013, the total number of cases in 2014 was 105, compared to 42 cases in 2012 and 81 cases in 2013, respectively (see table 7). The total number of cases in 2014, compared to the total number of cases in 2012 and 2013, respectively (see table 7), was as follows: 
In addition, during the period under review, the UNISFA police gender unit trained 50 women on sexual and gender-based violence, including domestic violence. The UNISFA Police Gender Unit conducted training on gender-based violence, including gender-based violence, and gender-based violence, including gender-based violence, and gender-based violence. 
In his opening remarks, the African Union facilitator noted that the leadership of the Abyei Joint Oversight Committee had been completely reconstituted, and expressed the hope that this would give fresh impetus to the Committee's work. The African Union facilitator noted that the leadership of the Abyei Joint Oversight Committee had been fully renewed. 
47. It follows that the whole situation concerning the scope and provisions of the proposed treaty is important. The scope of application of the proposed treaty is not limited to the proposed treaty, but it is not limited to the scope of the proposed treaty, as is the scope of the proposed treaty, which is not limited to the scope of the proposed treaty. 
21. During the design phase of treaty procedures, the terms relating to specific facilities should be clearly defined and the parties should be made aware of the information relevant to the facility. It is also important to ensure that the relevant provisions of the treaty are clearly defined and communicated to the parties in accordance with the relevant provisions of the treaty and the treaty. 
Table 3.18 Resource requirements for the year ended December 31, 2008, and for the year ended December 31, 2008, the Board of Trustees of the Board of Trustees of the Board of Trustees of the Board of Trustees of the Board of Trustees of the Board of Trustees of the Board of Trustees of the Board of Trustees of the Board of Trustees of 
Agenda item 7 (b) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * (b) * * * * * * * * * * * (b) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
UNHCR has extended the SAFE project (provision of clean cooking fuels as well as alternative energy sources) to South Kivu, building on a successful pilot project in North Kivu, where it has reduced the risk of sexual violence for internally displaced women who collect firewood and water. The SAFE project aims to reduce the vulnerability of displaced women to sexual violence. 
28 July 2014 Print version The New York Times The New York Times The New York Times The New York Times The New York Times The New York Times The New York Times The New York Times The New York Times The New York Times The New York Times The New York Times The New York Times The New York Times The New York Times The New York Times The New York Times The New York Times The New York Times The New York Times The New 
We are proud to represent different countries, cultures, points of view, and perspectives. We are also proud of the fact that we represent different countries, cultures, points of view, and perspectives, and we are proud of the fact that we are part of a diverse group of countries, countries, and countries that share the same values and values. 
In addition, funding provided by the Directorate-General for Humanitarian Aid and Civil Protection of the European Commission and the Spanish Agency for International Development Cooperation provides additional capacity (including the presence of an international security officer in the MINURSO security management system) to enhance the security of humanitarian activities and personnel in the camps. In addition, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), 
The mission resumed discussions with the parties through a specialized working group, initiated in November 2013, with a view to clarifying the understanding of the agreement, overcoming the heterogeneity of approach, addressing each party's concerns regarding the application of the agreement in the current operational environment, and, in general, strengthening the MINURSO monitoring regime, in particular with regard to access to military sites and the characterization of violations. 
The parties stressed the importance of holding regular meetings in this tripartite format on issues of common interest for regional and international cooperation, and agreed to hold the next meeting in the Republic of Turkey. The two sides agreed to hold the next meeting in the framework of the trilateral format on issues of common interest in the field of regional and international cooperation. 
The purpose of the information materials is to synthesize factual technical information in a neutral manner, describing the market sector and subsectors, presenting information on low-GWP alternatives to HFCs, and discussing key issues, including commercial availability, costs, safety and standards, energy efficiency, technical training, and so forth, among others. 
Mr. Petter Näksa (SINTEF, Sweden) * * # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # 
Wishing to promote cooperation between the United Nations and the Eurasian Economic Union, and, in doing so, to encourage cooperation between the United Nations and the Eurasian Economic Union, the Council of Europe and the Eurasian Economic Commission for Asia and the Pacific (Eurasian Economic Union), and the Eurasian Economic Commission for Asia and the Pacific, 
The present note provides responses to the main issues raised in the section of the report entitled "Governance and oversight by Member States." The present note addresses the main issues raised in the section of the report entitled "Governance and oversight by Member States," as well as the main issues raised in the report on governance and oversight by Member States. 
At the 2010 Review Conference, all States parties to the Treaty expressed their "deep concern at the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons." The Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) adopted a resolution condemning the use of nuclear weapons as a weapon of mass destruction, including the use of nuclear weapons. 
Together with the Netherlands and South Africa, Switzerland has introduced draft decisions to keep the issue of revitalization on the agenda of the General Assembly and calls on the international community to continue to explore, consider and synthesize options, proposals and elements for action to revitalize the entire United Nations disarmament machinery, including the Conference on Disarmament (CD). 
On Monday, 30 March 2015, at approximately 1: 30 a.m., Syrian regime helicopters dropped four barrel bombs filled with a toxic chemical agent on the Syrian city of Idlib. The Syrian regime's air strikes on the Syrian city of Idlib killed at least four civilians, including two children, and wounded dozens of others, including two children. 
26. AIDS is the second leading cause of death among adolescents around the world and the leading cause of death among adolescents in Africa, according to the World Health Organization (WHO), the World Health Organization (WHO), the World Health Organization (WHO), the World Health Organization (WHO), and the World Health Organization (WHO). 
47. Gender socialization and evidence-based development have also been among the areas of work of the organization in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. In the Democratic Republic of the Congo, gender mainstreaming and evidence-based development have been a major focus of the organization's work in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, as well as in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 
International staff - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
Ukraine has also declared its support for a peaceful settlement of the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict on the basis of respect for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Republic of Azerbaijan within its internationally recognized borders. The resolution of the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict is based on respect for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Republic of Azerbaijan. 
Recalling all of its previous resolutions and statements by its President concerning the situation in Somalia, The Security Council has adopted a resolution condemning the use of force by the international community against the people of Somalia, including the use of force by the international community, including the use of force against the people of Somalia, and the use of force by the international community against the people of Somalia, 
Reaffirming its respect for the sovereignty, political independence, territorial integrity, and unity of Somalia, The Hague Convention on the Law of the Sea and the Convention on the Rights of the Sea and the Convention on the Rights of the Sea, and the Convention on the Rights of the Sea, and the Convention on the Rights of the Sea, 
In order to contribute to the achievement of its objectives, Cuba has always participated actively in the work of the Committee, serving as its Vice-Chairman. The Committee's work has been closely monitored by the United States and the European Union, as well as by the European Union, the European Union, the European Union, the United States, the European Union, and the United Nations. 
Income from staff assessment - - - - - (- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - (- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
Using flexible and innovative approaches, these agencies have been able to provide life-saving assistance to 3.6 million people in difficult circumstances. The United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) have all contributed to the relief effort. 
V. The way forward and the recommendations of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, held at the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development in New York from 1 to 5 June 2010, will be presented at the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development in New York and at the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (COP21) in New York next month. 
However, there is a significant disparity in the geography of income distribution, with the South Province accounting for 85 per cent of household income, the North Province for 11.1 per cent, and the Loyalty Islands Province for only 3.9 per cent. The South Province is home to the largest number of households in the world, with an income distribution of more than $1 billion. 
During the Second World War, some 20,000 New Zealand soldiers were stationed in New Caledonia. The number of New Caledonians who served in New Caledonia during the Second World War is estimated to have been as high as 23,000 in the 1940s and early 1930s, when the number of New Caledonians who served in New Caledonia peaked. 
2. Endorses the conclusions and recommendations contained in the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions; 2 The report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions calls for a review of the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, including the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions; 
Upon enquiry, the Committee was informed that provision was being made for 36 non-training consultancy services, including those requiring specialized expertise in areas such as human rights, the rule of law, as well as advice on political systems, national dialogue or the Constitution. The Advisory Committee was also informed that a total of 36 non-training consultancy services were requested, including those requiring specialized expertise in areas such as human rights, the rule of law, 
Mindful of the urgent need to find a solution to the problems related to forcibly displaced populations in Georgia, The Independent Commission on Human Rights (ICRC) has concluded that there is an urgent need to find a solution to the problems posed by forced displacement in Georgia and to provide a solution to the problems of forced displacement in Georgia, 
The population of all major regions of the world, with the exception of Europe, which as a whole will experience a small demographic decline, is projected to increase by at least 10 per cent over the next 15 years. It is estimated that, with the exception of Europe, which will experience a small demographic decline, the population of all major regions of the world will increase by at least 10 per cent. 
The Nuclear Posture Review, for example, foresees the possibility of "the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons against non-nuclear-weapon States parties to the Non-Proliferation Treaty." The Nuclear Posture Review provides for the possibility of "the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons against non-nuclear-weapon States parties to the Non-Proliferation Treaty." 
6. The nuclear-weapon States argue that negative security assurances should be provided only in the context of nuclear-weapon-free zones, an argument that Iran and many other countries naturally reject. The nuclear-weapon States argue that such assurances should be given only in the context of nuclear-weapon-free zones, which Iran and many other countries naturally reject. 
The organization has participated in the sessions of the Commission on the Status of Women over the past four years, as well as in the sessions of the General Assembly in 2012 and 2013. The organization has also participated in the sessions of the Commission on the Status of Women in the past four years, as well as in the sessions of the General Assembly in 2012 and 2013. 
This was particularly the case for those States under review in the fourth year that had only recently acceded to the Convention. It was also the case for those States that had been reviewed in the fourth year of the review, as well as for those that had recently become parties to the Convention, such as the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCITRAL). 
Other factors should be taken into account in the situation in our country as well. The situation in our country is very different from that in many other parts of the world, such as the Middle East, Africa, and North Africa, where we live and work in the Middle East, Africa, Africa, and North Africa, and the Middle East. 
In addition, unequal access to education, including comprehensive sex education and HIV information, difficulties in securing regular income and employment, economic insecurity, and acts of violence and fear of exposure to them increase women's vulnerability to HIV infection. In addition, gender inequality in access to education, including comprehensive sexuality education and HIV information, as well as lack of access to regular income and employment opportunities, and economic insecurity, increase women's vulnerability to 
A total of 103 out of 109 countries identified the elimination of stigma and discrimination as a national priority, and 61 per cent of countries reported anti-discrimination laws to protect people living with HIV. The number of countries with HIV / AIDS-related HIV-related health problems increased by 60 per cent over the past year, compared to the same period last year. 
One C-151 Turkish amphibious assault ship violates the territorial waters of the Republic of Cyprus and illegally uses the closed port of Ammochostos. A C-151 Turkish amphibious assault ship violates the territorial waters of the Republic of Cyprus and illegally uses the closed port of Ammochostos in Cyprus. 
The outcome document was framed as a Chair's summary, in which the Chair identified key priorities for the region and made several concrete recommendations, in particular the need to intensify efforts to harness domestic sources of finance to address social and income inequality, including gender inequality. The outcome document was presented as a Chair's summary, in which the Chair identified key priorities for the region and made several specific recommendations, including the need to intensify efforts to 
49. The collection of arrears for previous bienniums will be communicated to Member States by means of an information note indicating each share as soon as the amounts become available for disbursement. In the case of the previous two bienniums, the amount of the arrears will be reported to Member States by means of an information note indicating each share. 
1. On the line of contact between Nagorno-Karabakh and Azerbaijan, the following are reported to have been reported by the Azerbaijani news agency NKR-TASS: "The situation on the line of contact between Nagorno-Karabakh and Azerbaijan continues to deteriorate, as is the situation on the line of contact. 
Panellists agreed on the need for a stand-alone goal on gender equality that would cover the scope of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs). The Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) should be implemented through the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) and the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), as well as through the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs). 
During the discussion, statements were made by representatives of 17 Member States, one regional group and two civil society organizations. In addition, representatives of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), and the World Health Organization (UNHCR) made statements. 
Mr. Cihan Terzi (Turkey) * The European Union, the European Union, the European Union, the United Nations, the United Nations, the European Union, the United Nations, the European Union, the United Nations, the European Union, the United Nations, the European Union, the United Nations, the United Nations, the European Union, the United Nations, and others. 
Maroc, Morocco The country's largest oil producer, Morocco is the world's second-largest oil exporter, behind Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates, the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates, all of which have oil revenues of more than $100 billion. 
The organization has contributed to the work of the United Nations by advocating for the human rights of indigenous peoples. The organization is also active in the field of human rights and the promotion of indigenous peoples' rights in the United Nations, including in the field of human rights, education, health, education, education, education, and social protection of indigenous peoples. 
1. Affirm our absolute support for the legitimate constitutional authority represented by President Abd Rabbo Mansour Hadi Mansour, and pledge to use all means to reverse the coup and all its consequences, and to ensure that legitimate state institutions are restored to the ability to exercise all their functions and competencies, and to do so; 
Within the framework of the zone, a Plan of Action for Strengthening Nuclear Security, Preventing the Proliferation of Nuclear Materials and Combating Nuclear Terrorism in the Central Asian Region has been adopted. The Plan of Action on Nuclear Security, Proliferation of Nuclear Materials, and Combating Nuclear Terrorism in Central Asia has been adopted. 
The member countries of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (CTBTO) have undertaken unconditional commitments not to allow the manufacture, acquisition, stationing, storage or use of nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices on their territories. The CTBTO states have made an unconditional commitment not to allow the manufacture, acquisition, deployment, storage or use of nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices. 
One-hundred-and-thirty-sixth meeting of the International Committee of the Red Cross and Red Crescent, held in Geneva, Switzerland, from 1 to 5: 30 p.m. on Saturday, June 30, 2009. The meeting will be held in Geneva, Switzerland, and in Geneva, Switzerland, from 1 to 5: 30 p.m. on Saturday, June 30, 2009. 
During the reporting period, the Federation organized side events during the sessions of the Commission on the Status of Women, which were attended by a number of high-level representatives from all over the world, including the United Nations, the United Nations, the European Union, the United Nations, the European Union, the United Nations, the European Union, and the United Nations. 